It was really amazing when you touch the equalizer.Previously, when I used the other headphones, I didn't turn up the sound volume because it just hurt my ears.But, at this time, when I use this item, I turn up the volume since it gives very great sound.It was really great.I'm happy to get this item.I recommend it.
Great sounding pair of cans. Had to buy a new DAC/Amp combo to take full advantage of the amazing clarity, tight bass, and shimmering high end. The only thing I don't like about this product is how DARK the Dark Green actually is. I could actually call this Off-Black lol. Also the bag for the cables and headphones is quite small and I don't like squishing everything in there. This can be solved by purchasing the Geekria EJB-0039-02 headphone cases. And if anyone cares, the DAC/Amp I bought was the FiiO E10K. I highly recommend this product to music lovers and people who wear headphones also.
Pros:-Sound is absolutely incredible.  Perfectly equalized and balanced.-Incredibly comfortable to the point where I can wear for hours.-Very solid and quality construction.-Cords that come with the headset are perfect for any situation.-Folding feature makes them incredible compact.-Carrier bag that is included is very strong and great for daily useCons:-Doesn't fit 100% snug, so If I move my head in any direction too fast, the top will slip on my head.-Thaaats about it...Who would I recommend this to?:-Anyone looking for higher-end headphones without going for broke-People who listen to a multitude of audio types (Gaming, Music, Movies, etc.)
The ATH-M50x headphones are the most expensive headphones that I have ever purchased. The price was WELL worth it. Crisp highs without making your ears bleed and great lows that is very well balanced. The "spinning ear cups" are a great feature as is the folding headband to be able to have one on ear and one off. I hear no "bleeding" into my vocal mic (AT-3035) even at high levels. I had been using the M30's for many years and this was a pleasant upgrade. Audio Technica gets two thumbs up for this product!!!
My son is studying to be recording engineer and was looking for a good set of reasonably priced headphones.  He wanted a set he could use in the studio, at live events and for post production work.  Now I am not going to say that these are the best out there for all of these applications, rather these are a great set for any application at a price that won't break the bank.Sound - brilliant highs and full lows without being "boomy". The mid-range is a bit weak, but not too much.  So these are not entirely flat (which is optimal) but they are very close for a student just cutting his teeth.Isolation - They also do an incredible job isolating ambient/background noise.  These are not noise cancelling, but they do a remarkable job at blocking out outside sounds.  The full ear coverage, tight fit of the ear cups and the comfortable headband all combine for a snug, insulated fit; even when wearing eye glasses.Comfort - Again, these headphones really perform in this area as well.  Yes, the ear cups are snug fitting, but there is no binding or undue pressure anywhere.  You can wear these phones for hours and there will be no irritation.  Yes, they can get a little warm, but this is true with any full coverage set.Construction - These appear to be well made and should hold up for the long run. I can not find any areas where A_T cut any corners in construction which might become a cause for breakage.  Take care of them and they should hold up just great.  We really like the detachable cord - this is the weak area in any headset and the fact that you can replace a damaged cord easily is a real plus!!!Plus - this particular set looks great too boot!
I ordered this for my brother who is considered an audiophile about a year ago for Christmas and ever since he has loved it! The build quality is superb and it matches up with the sound quality that is delivered with these studio headphones. I love almost everything about it, the only thing I dislike about it which is a give-and-take is the swivel cups. The swivel cups are great for so many reasons but most of the time they kind of flip on you whenever you put them down, so whenever you pick them back up you have to adjust them. (this is not really a con it's just something to keep in mind)
I bought these on Black Friday for $95.  Coming from Beats Solo 2 and hearing about all the hype of these headphones, I knew I had to get them.  Upon unboxing them, I was surprised at how large these headphones actually are.  They are definitely made for an adult, and even thought I would say I have a big head, these are pretty big.  They are almost a lot more durable and comfortable then the beats, however, I noticed that they do make my ears kind of sweaty if I wear them for a while.  As for sound quality, I was expecting these to be amazing, and when I first heard them, I was kind of surprised on what I heard.  Coming from beats, they were really flat sounding and lacked a lot of bass.  However, after about a week, I was able to get used to it and now, when I hear the beats, I think they sound nowhere near as good as the m50s.  These are really clear sounding headphones with really good sound isolation.  Also, probably my favorite thing about these headphones, are the cables they come with.  The short cable is great for when you are listening to you phone, and the 10 ft straight cable is great for office situations.  The coiled cable is also great, but I hear it can eventually uncoil if you stretch it too much, so I've been trying to be careful.  Overall, I would say if you give these headphones enough time to allow yourself to adjust to them, they are truly amazing headphones.
I bought the 2015 Special Edition DG / Dark Green. The metal rings on the outside of either ear and the labels indicated L and R are silver.. they're not copper looking at all. When you have a 3.5mm cord with gold tips sitting right next to it in extremely bright sun, a colorblind person would almost certainly even notice the extreme difference.There's zero indication they were tampered with, no scratch marks where someone would pry them off and replace them with the standard silver ones found on cheaper models. And I did buy them directly from Amazon.  So I assume this happened at the manufacturing plant. Either way, it's not what I paid for./// Overall Review ///As for the rest of the headphone set, it looks exactly like the picture. The dark green is almost black and the brown is a nice rich brown. The leather feels like mid-grade quality, better than most at this price range.As for the audio, it sounds great (which is why I dont think these are knock-offs). And the plastic isn't the type I'd expect to easily break if you dropped them. Be warned, if you have a medium/large head that you might need to get used to these for a while but it's better they sit firm than constantly falling off.And these over the M40x's does show that there is more base, although if you can get the M40x's for $65 new as they were yesterday (Christmas Eve) then those would be far better as paying double for extra base isn't remotely worth it imo.The cords, however trivial they may seem are a nice touch. I like using the coiled one for my computer and the short straight cord for walking around or gaming on the sofa./// Conclusion ///I'd give these headphones 4 stars if it weren't for the pretty big issue with the metal not being what it should be. I'm knocking off 2 stars because it kills the look not having the gold. If you imagine the rich brown, dark green, and an aluminum look it's simply not the same as it with the gold. It's also a $37 difference compared to if I would have got the White or Black pairs.
The sound quality is purely amazing, however it is nearly impossible to listen to your music in a moderatly quiet place due to how much sound it leaks. Its not even a "hum" from the outside you are able to hear everything, almost similar to open-back headphones. They are made for quality and have a great price for the sound, but only listen when alone or in a noisy area.
Good headphones. My only complaints are the padding and size. Size wasn't a big deal, it was just hard to carry this thing around anywhere other than a bag or around my neck. Padding caused earaches for me towards the second year of usage and i had to regularly repuff the cushions by squishing them around so the lumpy piece of metal inside the earphones wasn't completely crushing my ears.My pair's already broken but that's because i'm pretty rough with all headphones i buy (i sleep with them on and wear them practically everywhere, so I essentially get 24/7 usage out of them. i know, i shouldn't sleep with headphones on etc). Then again, it wasn't even the sleeping-with-headphones-on that broke my pair. I dropped mine on concrete and the plastic rotation piece snapped exposing a wire, and even then it still worked for another solid half year (with some help from a bit of super glue).Considering getting another one with some christmas cash, might look around more. But if i can't find anything I'm definitely coming back to audio technica. Great sound for half the price of Beats, replaceable wires, incredible durability. Just don't drop these things on concrete.
Shouldn't have waited so long to purchase. These headphones are wonderful. They sound better than my Bose and my daughter's Beats. I have some hearing loss so I have to use headphones all the time. Theses are absolutely wonderful. They are a little tight. I wear a 7 1/2 inch fitted cap. They seem very well made. Worth the price.
Ok, So I have been looking at these headphones for quite a while. Many people (Including MKBHD) had recommended me these headphones and I finally bought them now that I had enough money. Before I was using Philips earbuds that cost about $10.First off, these headphones sound INCREDIBLE!Every frequency sounds excellent. Crisp highs, deep lows, great bass response, and overall awesome sound.Between the earbuds, the difference in sound was literally night and day!The noise cancellation is pretty good also. So if you are in a quiet public area, you don't have to worry about everyone around you hearing what music you are listening to.These headphone are also very comfortable. They also feel very light while still being well built. So it will feel very nice for long trips on trains, airplanes, etc.I can't recommend these headphones enough. These are THE best headphones anyone can buy for this price range!
Great ear phones with excellent noise reduction, but at a terrible price.  I will use these until they die, but I will buy some other, more economical brand next time. Nowadays, you can get great earphones with effective noise canceling for a much better price.  You end up paying dearly for the Bose name.  You do get a very well made carrying case with them though.
I always wanted to travel the world. When I bought these headphones, which I saw were designed for airplanes, I always imagined myself on a plane going to some exotic place. I never had the means to go anywhere, nor did I have anyone to go with. Once I had enough money, I still didn't go - I couldn't go with anyone, I had to work, and I was also afraid of flying. However, years after I bought the headphones, an opportunity arose for me to go with my sister to Spain. After wanting to go my entire life, I faced my fear of flying, and I got on the airplane. When it took off, I put on these headphones and I felt like those people in the advertisements who wore these headphones and relaxed on the plane. I was finally able to do what I always wanted to do, and I was able to wear these headphones as I did, like I always imagined I would.+Sound quality is amazing+Noise cancelling works perfectly and sometimes I don't hear when people are talking to me-Requires a lot of battery chaning
I use the wired connection to my home AVR system. Hook up to phone outlet with an adapter which incorporates my stereo system, and turn on volume (has two levels) which turns off sound system to enable my wife to sleep while I enjoy full sound. awesome. Took it to gym, no special advantage from cheapo headsets. Bought extender cables with connectors
I bought these headphones 1.5 years ago & loved them. Then 1 day I changed the battery & BAM! No power light & they don't work. Researched it & found some ideas which I tried. Nothing worked. You can call BOSE customer service, but they are USELESS! You can pay $100 for them to fix the problem (which is an actual defect). You need to change the batteries on this quite often & they use some cheap ass connector wire to get the battery charge & there are TONS of reviews from customers saying the wire snapped or bent which caused it not to work. When you spend this much money on headphones you expect them to last for several years & all BOSE is doing is running a sweat shop operation charging customers $100+ to correct an issue that WILL HAPPEN AGAIN! BOSE just lost my business. So disappointing.
Very effective. The best thing about noise cancelling headphones: I no longer need to play my music loud in order to drown out noise. The benefit to my hearing is worth it.I'm no audiophile, so couldn't tell you about audio quality, but I haven't noticed any issues either. They seem reasonably well-made.They eat batteries, so my coworkers and I (three of us have these) just keep a communal set of rechargeables and a charger. Then again, I do have them on at least 4 hours a day, 5 days a week. When the battery runs out, the headphones cut in and out, and it's really annoying.Other than that, though, great.
Really cancel the noise! Amazing! Now I don't have to listen to my husband's nagging anymore. The sound quality is supreme. It beat my old Sony headphone of the same price. Only complaint is the cord was weak with the connector toward the headset like all the other reviews said. I try to be very,very careful not to break it. The sound is little thin but one may say it is crystal. It is not a boom box!
I enjoy wearing on flights.  Work fairly well, but after not much use I find that my pair has a wiring short of some kind that causes it to click off on while wearing when I move slightly.  The problem appears to be in the connection between one of the earpieces and the headband.
Had these for 3 months or so, and I love, love, love them. Don't know how I ever traveled and worked without them.I travel back and forth to Europe a lot, and these puppies have become indispensable! Forget what they offer you in business class, these Bose Quiet Comfort and nothing less!Coffee shop, planes or at home when you don't want to bother the wife and kids and vice versa, these headphones were and are the answers to my listening-quietly-and-in-great-quality prayers.Thank you BOSE for another top-notch product!
It hurt my ears, if it's on for too long (like during 3,5 hrs flight). The pads are soft, but they push on the ears. My husband's Bose earphones are fit around the ear, so the ear is inside the cushion. So I like mine, but not for a long use.
Product is awesome!  Great sound quality and overall product.  I've had these for a year and noticed that the wire started to deteriorate.  I called BOSE customer service and they were awesome!  The product was under warranty still and they shipped me a new pair of headphones within 7-10 days.  The customer service people were knowledgeable and friendly.  The overall process was so easy.  I very rarely write reviews but my experience with their customer service was so awesome that I had to write a review.
These head phones are amazing. I bought them for a trip to Europe and they worked great! The sound quality is amazing and they are very comfortable. They also come with different size ear pieces. That's great depending on the size of your ear. I'm happy with my purchase!
If you buy these, definitely purchase the Bose StayHear Plus Tips, which - for about $12 - give the headphones a MUCH needed improvement on the bass end without sounding muddy or overpowering the treble.  I also found them to be more comfortable than the tips that ship with this product, which felt slightly loose in my ears.I should also note that I had a slight mechanical problem with the pair I purchased and the Bose customer service department's response exceeded my expectations.
I have a serious fear of purchasing electronics of any sort for myself, and this includes earbuds. Often times I am afraid I haven't done enough research and am throwing money at something not worth my hard earned paycheck... That being said, I am beyond in love with these headphones. They're cute and the sound quality is AMAZING. I have been living under a rock as far as sound is concerned before snatching these earbuds up. Well worth every penny- the iphone integration is really nice and the little holder that comes along with them is perfect for storage.
I would give these zero stars, but the system does not allow it. I could not be more unhappy about these - they are shaped so awkwardly that none of the three sizes actually fit in my ear. They kept popping out and even when sitting still, the design is so ill conceived that they had to be on the highest volume in order to hear what was playing. Total waste of money. My cheap Skull Candy earphones are a million times better.
it came the day before it said it would. Works great was gonna save for Christmas present but was so excited, I gave it early to her. she loves them. and she is happy because she told me what kind she liked and i found them here at a decent price, Just glad I found before they Discontinued making them.
Just received them today and as soon as i took them out the box and plugged them in the sound was fading in and out and crackling as if the cord had a short in it. I have used these headphones before and they sound very good but the pair i was sent were horrible.
We were so excited to buy this for my daughter for her birthday, and she used it lightly for less than 2 months.  All the use was sitting down on a couch, not moving around.  7 weeks after we bought it, the right ear started crackling and the left ear stopped working.  We couldn't return it through Amazon because it was outside the 30 day return window.  When I looked up Skullcandy's warranty, I found that you have to ship the product to them on your own dime, and then if it's defective, they'll give you a coupon good for more Skullcandy product for the amount you paid.  Poor policy and poor customer service.  I don't want to buy this again, but if I want to get my money back, I may have to.
These headphones are a great deal for the price.  I use them for my job as a transcriptionist (I generally need a good quality headset) and they work great.  I would give them five stars but sometimes the top band hurts my head and I have to shift them every so often.  They are comfortable otherwise.  I'm not a huge headphone geek so I don't know how they compare to skull candy or anything like that but they work wonderfully for my job. I bought them because of the good reviews, and many of them say they are just as good as the more expensive ones.  I've been using them for six months now and am very happy with them!
I was so devastated when I lost my last pair that I had to buy another one. Although not necessarily touted as noise cancelling headphones, they drown out the extra cacophony at work. They become slightly uncomfortable on the head after long use, but then again, I wear them for 7 1/2 hours a day. Rich base, and crisp, clear sound. Love that the wire disconnects from the headphones - you can buy another one when it goes out. Brilliant!
I'm not an audiophile by any means (I just buy headphones to occasionally listen to music from my MP3 player), so keep in mind that I'm writing this as a casual reviewer.As far as cancelling out the sound of outside noise is concerned, these will get the job done if you're the type of person that likes to crank the volume of your MP3 player up pretty high. If you're the type of person that likes to keep your music at any volume level below that, however, these won't block out any outside noise whatsoever. If someone's having a conversation ten feet away from you and the volume isn't cranked up really high, you'll hear every word of it.For sound quality, the sound seems to be decent in most cases. Out of an MP3 player with more than 1,000 songs on it, only a small handful seemed to have something like a "quality drop", but reworking the settings on my MP3 player seemed to help resolve the issue for the most part. If the device that you intend to use these headphones with allows you to change your music settings in a similar fashion, these will probably be fine.The cord... the cord is the only major complaint that I have. It's alright for home use, but the design of it makes it pretty clear that it's highly susceptible to damage and that can make carrying it around in public kind of pain. I ordered a jacketed cord from another company to use as a substitute for the cord that these came with and I highly suggest that anyone interested in buying these considers looking for a different cord as well. If you want to order a cord at the same time that you order these, keep in mind that you'll need a 3.5mm male-to-male cord and make sure the area around the connector on each end is very, very narrow.I got these headphones at a retailer other than Amazon for about $70. These are a pretty decent purchase if (like me) you don't want to spend more than $75 on a pair of headphones, but don't bother with them if you consider yourself an audiophile and/or can afford something better. These are more for casual listening and/or people working with a budget than anything else.
These headphones fit me pretty well but they do still wiggle out of my ears during workouts.  The good thing about this over-ear design is that the weight of the lower end of the clip will tend to hold them in place even if they do loosen up a bit.  Generally what happens is they get a little loose but they never, ever, fall completely off.So my quest for the perfect headphones continues but these work pretty well in the meantime.
If you're looking for a great value on a good-sounding set of earbuds, go for it. Or if you walk for exercise, these will be good for you. However as a runner I found this model to be frustrating as they do not stay in place. Also, if you do any strength training where you're lying prone or on your stomach, they will fall out. Trying to find the right earbuds to wear when running has been a years-long effort for me and this model has not satisfied my need. But you will get a very good sound for a great price if that's all you care about.
I also got these because the reviews and price where right. One thing that I didn't see a lot of that I've exsperanced sence getting these is they really aren't that comfortable. The ear hooks are but the bud part that goes in your ear is hard. After a few hours of wearing them at work my ears started to hurt and became sore. No matter what position I tried to get the bud in, nothing helped. I ended up using the foam covers from the apple ear-buds that I was replacing to soften up the buds. That has seemed to help so far. The price and sound quality are great though. So you decide.
I recently bought a pair of Philips earhook headphones for use on my PC for transcription. They are actually designed for MP3/IPod/IPhone, but I thought I would give them a try.  The wrap-around ear hooks are comfortable, and give better stability.  I am not constantly catching the cord on objects, or when I am reaching for something, etc., and yanking the headphones off of my head.  The cord that comes with the headphones is long enough to extend from the PC to my chair, but not so long as they dangle down and become a nuisance.  Also, and most importantly, the air vents on the ear bud piece produce an amazing sound quality and clarity.  There is little to no "muffling" or that "talking-inside-a-drum" sound.  This is crucial in my profession, when trying to understand what multiple speakers are actually saying.  The guesswork is minimal, and I feel confident in the transcribed documents I am submitting.  Worth every penny, Philips!
These headphones have lasted me years, getting used all the time.  They provide phenomenal clarity of sound, while the bass piping doesn't blast my eardrums with bass.  Rather, they seem to propel the bass away from my eardrums, pushing away other sounds.  So, they deflect sounds coming in (such as the local high-rise construction torrents), while providing me with great range, even for full-powah psytrance (blisargon demogorgon).  They are comfortable, stay in place when i'm running, and have a price tag that can't be beat.
The enthusiastic reviews of others raised my hopes too high.  Yes, they stay in my ears even while running.  And yes, they were darn cheap.  But do not expect better than adequate sonics.  The mid-range is over emphasized to the point of distraction.  That makes them great for listening to my talk radio podcasts, but only decent for music.  And no one has mentioned the terrible wind noise created by the open-air port design.  Even my snail-paced jogging creates a distracting whoosh that obscures the merely adequate fidelity -- it does make me feel like I'm running 60 MPH, though ;-)Sonically, these are comparable to the stock Apple ear buds.  They far exceed the Apple ear buds for comfort while exercising.  And given the price, I'm satisfied, but not delighted.
I got these earbuds with earhook so I could listen to my MP3 player while I was walking vigorously. Maybe my ears aren't shaped right, but plain old earbuds are always plopping out and it's annoying to have to keep poking them further into my ear canal, hoping they'll lodge there somehow and stay put.The only thing I would improve on these would be a bendible/flexible style on the earhook portion, so I could tighten to curvature more closely to my ear shape. They felt loose when I put them on, but the sound is very good for the price. They did not slip off, but the earbud slips sometimes. It's easier to adjust, though.
I have been using these for a couple of months since breaking a much more expensive pair.  They are used primarily for running and working out, 4 times per week or so.  I am not an audiophile, just need to hear the music and my RunKeeper prompts.1) The sound quality is good.  I was pleasantly surprised by the bass response, although it can become a bit muddled on some songs... not a big deal.  Sound quality still far exceeds the Apple earbuds or my previous bluetooth set.2) The fit is good.  The earhook is a little large and takes some getting used to, but these stay in place very well.  They do not go in your ear canal.  The stability is provided by the earhook.3) These dudes are tough.  I sweat A LOT and they perform - even on my longer runs of 8-9 miles.  Recently I lost them, which really bummed me out, but I found them in the dryer in my shorts pocket.  After going through the washer and dryer I was sure they were toast.  Unbelievably, I plugged them in, and they sounded just as good as before.I'm thinking of buying a couple of extra spares for when these eventually conk out.  Great purchase.Edit to update:  WOW! Here I am 8 months later, still using these headphones 4 times per week, and they are still going!!  They even went through the washer and dryer AGAIN (I know --- be more careful with your stuff...) and they still sound like new.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND. These headphones are ** by far ** the best I have ever owned for the money.  Simply awesome.  Took me through an entire marathon training season, still going.  Love, love, love.
These are actually a decent set of headphones for the price. I had a set I bought before my second deployment overseas back when we shipped in Jan 2007.  Just last week (1/16/2012) I went for a jog and the right side wire finally gave way and the right headphone is useless as the wire broke inside the insulation.  My ONLY complaint about these is that when wearing a motorcycle helmet it makes it difficult to put the helmet on and very difficult to take off the helmet with the addition of wearing the headphones(Even painful at times). It's probably also the reason why my right side headphone's wire failed because of the more excessive pulling on the wires from pulling my helmet up while mistakenly grasping the wires from time to time. After longer periods of time while riding, the bud part of the headphones caused the inside of my ear (Service before the canal) to become tender. Which caused more pain when taking off the helmet.  If you're looking for headphones that are comfortable for a motorcycle ride (short or far distance) I would steer clear of these and find something better. And when you do let me know because I haven't found any headphones or ear buds that are practical for comfortable rides while listing to music.  For the price you can't go wrong. Cause these baby's will last years and they can handle a little roughness every now and again as I explained before.(And I've stepped on them by mistake once as well.) For jogging you won't regret buying these.
I just bought my second & third set of these headphones/earphones to replace the original set I bought 2 years ago in a retail store (and for which I paid 40% more). The only reason they needed replacement was because of my constant abuse. Absolutely love these phones (Why else would I have bought them again?). The behind-the-ear "hooks" keep these in place no matter what I'm doing, including running, but are easy to take off quickly. I find them very comfortable to wear for extended periods of time (biking, walking, yard work, etc.). I also like to "open" feature of these as they sit just at the ear canal opening without the stuffy feeling that earbuds can often give.I don't use earphones to listen to sonically perfect music (after all, I'm listening to either MP3 recordings or radio), I have a home stereo for that. Nevertheless, I do want good sound with decent highs and substantial bass without being "boomy"; these earphones perform perfectly in that respect. They also provide clear sound while still allowing you to be aware of other sounds happening around you. For general use, these are the best, most comfortable and most cost-effective earphones available (IMHO).
For the price, they are ok. But:1. The left side always gets uncomfortable after about 30 minutes. 2. I have had to turn the cord to a certain position in the headphone jack of my phone in order to get good sound; it's very touchy about its position in the socket. 3. It can be difficult to get the inner ear pieces to stay simultaneously with the outer ear pieces in place.I got these because I do not like the new Apple headphones design for the inner ear buds, and I wanted something that would stay on/in my ear while I work out. These headphones do the trick, they are just taking some adjusting to. I still prefer them to Apple headphones, although I wish they had the volume control buttons and microphone.
I bought these to replace some cheap, poor-sounding earphones that finally failed. The only improvement that I expected was the presence of an earhook (I was getting tired of my earbuds falling out at work).  I was pleasantly surprised that these actually sounded good (I am not an audiophile, but I can recognize audio fidelity).  The low/mid range sound reproduction is very healthy, which is surprising for earbuds, especially $6 earbuds.  The construction is certainly acceptable and doesn't look excessively "cheap" at all, although the cord could be a little longer.
Just bought these 30 minutes ago at Walmart. I have tinnitus and these headphones are comfortable,lightweight,with excellent sound quality.Unable to tolerate anything tight on my head or ears due to health issues.I've tried other earbuds which fall out of my ears,headband type headphones with soft padding but don't compare with these.Will write an update/Thank you for reading my review.OWLWore the earhooks during the night and they stayed in and were reasonably comfortable.Side lying not to much.
I can't think of a negative thing to say about these bad boys. For [...] bucks ([...] bucks elsewhere i guess) you really do get some amazing sound quality. I tried the skull candy ones and the audio quality does not compare to these ones. The philips design is, to me, flawless and the quality is, again, consistently exceptional. I'm no audiophile but I think anyone can appreciate good bass and balanced tone. These fellas definitely deliver.
Ok, so i was like at McDonalds then i saw these beautiful headphones, on this 48 year old. I asked him, " Where did you get those magnificent headphones?" He then told me he ordered them on Amazon. So I decided to order them. And that was the best thing i had ever done. The sound quality was awesome, and they fit my ears perfectly. I would definetly get these headphones. Also, get them on Amazon cause the price is great.
I got tired of plain old ear-buds falling out of my ears and not remaining in place. These stay where I put them. I use them when mowing, bush-hogging, and spraying and they stay right there. The sound is as good as any ear-bud I have used and better than many. They don't interfere with sun-glasses or reading-glasses, although I feared they would before I tried them. If anything happens to these, I will buy them again.
No complaints on these. They fit pretty well, and can be adjusted to fit. The wire seems to curl fairly quickly, but that's not a major issue. I've had the headphones for a month almost and no problems - great sign. They can be a bit uncomfortable at times, but taking them off and waiting a bit usually gets your body loose again. Solid choice, especially for $6.
Visualize your favorite band with no bass player, half thedrums missing from the drum kit and low E and A strings missingfrom every guitar.  That's what you get with these headphones.What I'm trying to say is that these headphones have almostno bass response.  Their performance is completely unacceptablefor music, though for voice they should be fine.
These headphones are terrible for working out in. Maybe I just have small ears, but from what I've heard from others at the gym, these types of headphones are no good. They constantly slip off during the workout and the sound is terrible. I recommend spending a few more dollars for a better pair. I recommend skull candy.
I love these you just hook them onto your ears and go. They stay put. My ear buds always fall out when I am shopping or just about the town, I had to get used to something on my ears, but now I find... I wouldn't leave home without them...
I got these headphones before about 3 years ago and decided to buy them again to replace my old ones. They are my favorite! Small enough to fit in the cradle of the ear but with the loops around the outside of the ears, it keeps the little speakers from falling out(the reason why I hate those tiny speaker inserts that just sit in the cradle of your ears). They're flexible enough that they don't "cage" your ears and yet firm enough that they keep the speakers in place.Caution: do not take them apart! That's what happened to me and why I had to buy a replacement after 3 years. I clean my ears regularly but still, the speakers developed a small collection of ear wax under the plastic ring and under the edge of the layered mechanics of the speakers. Being slightly OCD and wishing to clean them, I lifted the layers of the speakers on the right side to get the small layer of gunk from between the mechanics. When I lifted it too much, it came off. The speaker wires were still connected so, I thought it would be okay. No go. Once I placed it back in its cradle and put the plastic ring back over it, the sound was completely lost from that side of the speakers. They didn't need to be cleaned as the gunk was simply unsightly and not affecting the mechanism any since they worked fine. I was just being stupid and overly finicky. Lesson learned. So long as you don't take it apart, this product works very well and probably would have continued to serve me for a couple more years at the very least!
I managed to get these for $4. Packaging was damaged, but the headphones were fine. Instructions included.These get a 5 star max for many reasons. Great sound. They stay on, during a rigorous workout, including runninng, weights,cardio, cycling, etc for an hour at least. They don't stay dirty either.I wear these at work listening to my iPod, before the store opens. I left them in my work pants (cargo pocket) and did laundry tonight. They went through the washer and dryer (dryer for 45 minutes). Clothes were completely dry. I remembered I left them in the pocket. There is NO damage to them and they work GREAT. No diminshed sound quality. My fault for not checking all my pockets, but they stood to the test. Sometimes getting a product for much cheaper can yeild great results.08/13/2013For a cheap pair of over-the-ear headphones these work. My last pair finally wore out after over a year of hard use. Rain, workouts, being sat on, and stepped on. Why am I ordering another pair? For running and working out, they stay on because they GRIP better. This will be the fourth pair I've had and I've paid less than $7 for each. I bought my first pair back in 2008. Will I ever buy a $300 pair? No. A pair for $10 that lasts around a year to 1 1/2 years? I do not plan on washing and drying another pair to see if it they will stand up to them again. It could've been luck or they are that good. I don't know.
Been using these for years and years, comfortable and secure fit for work or exercise, especially for larger ears.Best sound I've found for any pair under $10. Not noise cancelling, since they sit outside the ear and not in, but they're still more than loud enough, and you wouldn't want them to be anyway if you're listening while at work or jogging along the road. This outside the ear fit is also more comfortable in my opinion, and certainly requires much less cleaning.The one drawback to these headphones is their durability, or lack there of. Granted I am quite hard on mine, storing them in my pocket while I carry heavy boxes against my leg, and subjecting them far too often to music above the approved decibel level. Their average life span for me is only about 4 months before one ear would crackle or short out.This was once no problem at all, since they were only $4.80 on Amazon for the longest time, and I could just order a few pairs at a time and have one ready to take over. However the price appears to have inflated to $9 the last couple pairs I've bought, which is the reason I've brought it down to 4 stars.These are still great earphones, you just have to pay a bit more for beating them up than you once did.
for 13 years ive used only one pair of head phones for my music and they suited me well.  the sony mdr-e828.  my last pair finally bit the dust.  and so i decided it was time to get a new set unfortunately they no longer sell the model i like  so after trying a few other sony models and being disappointing in the quality  (either tinny or muffled)  and felt like they would break if you looked at them wrong.  after being disappointing by quality in stead of buying another and guessing if it was good.  (im very picky with sound)  i went out and bought 12 sets of different branded ear buds to compare myself. cause its so much easier to chose by actually  comparing them then reading reviews on the net lol.after trying many diffrent types: ifrog, gumy, skull candy maxwell sony, philips, this one is my favorite  it has clear mids, sharp highs, and very good bass considering its not an isloating earbud. (they often lack bass)  ive heard there not comfortable to were for awile but i had no issue  i guess it depends on the ear size. but if you are looking for quality sound at a cheap price these are for you.like i said im very picky so trust me on this one :P  btw if you are looking for heavy bass isolating earbuds try out skull candy inked.
I've used these extensively for a couple of years now. I had a physically demanding job that required a lot of movement and they never once came out. For me, they're completely comfortable. I don't have tiny ears like some of the reviewers who for some reason, gave a low star rating. It's not as though Philips designed your ear canal...just the headphones and that is after all, what we're reviewing right? Moving on -The best thing about these is the bass response. It's got a strong and solid presence without being overpowering at all. I took it for granted after buying other, more expensive earbuds that completely lack the bottom end that these have. I always come back to the SHS3200's. I would say the higher frequencies could be a little more forward. Other than that, the overall balance and sound quality is amazing.Surprisingly, very durable. I've caught wires while working (before I smartened up and ran the wires under my shirt)and had them yanked out a few times. Wadded them up in my pocket like $10 headphones should be, I've never experienced any crackling on the part of the ear buds. Maybe not on par with audiophile gear but who expects that? Assuming you have a normal human ear size, you'll be surprised at the punch they pack.
I, like most of you, have tried the super cheap and the expensive and all of them have their drawbacks. And then there is anatomy. What fits my ears might not fit yours. And then there is sound. We want them to sound good, but really, how good can we expect a $7 earbud to sound compared with a $100 set of or Sennheiser  headphones? And then we sweat. Yes, when we sweat the earbuds tend to fall out. Imagine that. Why can't someone design a $7 earbud that sounds like Bose enclosed headphones, fits all ear sizes comfortably and will stay firmly in place during a hurricane, a parachute jump, or while running a marathon? They must not be trying. But. Until someone designs that perfect earbud, i have found these to work just fine. They are more than adequate, in a world where adequacy approaches can be elusive. I own several pair, and have purchased several as gifts and the recipients have all told me how well they work, compared with others they have tried. So, hats off to Phillips. These are for the gym, on the treadmill, for podcast and Pandora perusal. They are not reference phones for the recording studio. These are killer buds for seven bucks. You get what you pay for, and here, you get a lot for seven bucks.
I'll present this as a comparison with the Sony MDR-J10 phones:Sony MDR-J10 h.ear Headphones with Non-Slip Design (Black).  I own both; the two designs are superficially similar, but somewhat different in use.The main advantage of the Sony phones is that they are simply easier to put on.  You slide them over the top of your ears, and they fall into place naturally.  These Philips phones take just a little more effort.  I find I have to wrap them around from behind, pop the speaker part into the ear canal, then rotate them back slightly (clockwise for the left ear, counterclockwise for the right) to get them securely in place.  And then they really are secure; no amount of head movement will dislodge them.After that, the advantage is all Philips.  The plastic used is softer and more comfortable than Sony's, and the sound rivals that of more expensive old-fashioned studio "can" headphones -- without messing up your hair.  So although I often use the Sony pair with an MP3 player when I'm out and on the go, the Philips headphones are the preferred choice at my work desk, delivering background tunes for hours on end in a pleasant and non-fatiguing way.
I was entirely excited about getting a pair of headphones that would be cheap and perfect for working out and these seemed to fit the bill, but I ran into a couple of vital deal breakers upon my first attempt to workout with these:1. They do not stay behind your ears no matter what. Even when I kept my head perfectly still they would still somehow fall out of my ear and take the entire behind the ear apparatus with them. This may be due to the shape of my ears or my desire to have the headphones actually stay stationary within one place on my ear. Either way, the design did not work for me.2. While running on a treadmill and attempting to re-insert the earpiece that had fallen out of my ear (see #1) I was electrocuted by the headphones. I'm not exactly sure how or why this happened, but I am glad that it didn't cause me some serious bodily injury.  The headphones do not seem to have any loose wires or visual defects and they may still function properly, but I'm not about to put them back into my ears.
This is the second set of these earphones that I have purchased.  After three years of service. wiring junction at the connector plug end of the cord developed a fault.  Probably due to the fact that I wind the cord tight around my iPod for storage.  Will remember to leave some slack so as not to strain that connection with this pair.  Regardless, at this price, three  years of life is great.  These earphones fit me perfectly.  The earbud itself fits in my ear, and the soft rubber ear hooks fit nicely around my ears.  These earphones really stay in your ear, even during the most active activities such as running and burpees.  The sound quality is more than adequate for a set of earphones at this price.  In fact, because they rest and stay in my ear in just the right position, the sound quality is very satisfactory and consistent.  No need to keep adjusting the earbuds into my ears.For those of you who are looking for a good set of earphones for exercising or any other physical activity, I highly recommend you give these a try.  At $6 per pair you can't go wrong!
These are awesome!  I bought them specifically to plug into the GPS on my motorcycle so that I could hear the instructions while riding.  Prior to purchasing these, I bought a pair of earbuds that were twice the price of these Phillips which have rubber around the earbuds so that they sit in your ear canal and block out all ambient noise.  Those were awful, and not to mention unsafe while on the motorcycle because I could not hear anything around me.The look and style of these Phillips Earhook Headphones seemed to be more what I was looking for as they sit on the outside of your ear canal so I can still hear ambient noise.  The price had me a bit worried about quality, but once I received, I was pleasantly surprised. They seem to be very well made, and they sound great - actually better than the pair that I spent twice as much for.  As for comfort, I have absolutely no complaints there either.  They fit perfectly on my ears and don't bother me at all while wearing them for extended periods on time.  I would not hesitate to buy them again!
I've been using a single pair of these for over 2 years now.  I run about 900 miles/year and use headphones roughly 50% of the time.  Normal earbuds will not stay put in my ears when running, so I needed this earhook style.  In general, I find these reasonably comfortable and with decent sound quality.  I do not crank the volume when running both to preserve my hearing and to stay aware of traffic, etc.  Most important for my purposes, they stay put and they continue to function despite heavy sweat, rain, snow, etc.My one quibble is that the wire near the plug must come loose every now and then because I will lose sound in one ear.  Usually just wiggling the wire at the plug does the trick and fixes the issue.Pros:  Stays put, very durable, less than $9.Cons:  Wire might be coming loose near the plug.  For the price, though, I can't complain too much.When these go to headphone heaven, I will definitely buy an identical replacement pair.
Item service was great and I like the fun bright blue color but the comfort level when placed into ears are not so good in fact slightly painful due the lack of rubber cushion material around the earbud portion of the head phonesPro's these won't easily fallout of ears they will usually stay in pretty firmly, and if you can get use to the slight discomfort their not bad for the price. cons the sound quality isn't the best also as stated earlier the fit into ears are a bit unconformableThat said this brand pare are not completely awful for the price, and at this point I'm just grateful this purchase wasn't a total waste, considering all the bad purchases I've made here so far. I'm currently using these for my Roku 2 2013 model and the Philips earphones are slightly better then the purple pare that come with the device, also the hooks prevent them from falling out unlike Roku's included pare that constantly loosen and pop out of ears.
These are easily the best headphones I've ever owned. I wanted something higher quality than ear buds that could reduce outside noise without having to spend a ton on expensive noise cancelling headphones. I also was looking for headphones that would be comfortable to wear for very long periods of time (like all day long) and had a longer than average cord so I wasn't tied really closely to my computer. I was expecting to pay around $100, but I'm glad I didn't because these are an amazing value.Sound quality:Their sound is all around amazing, I'm not an audiophile but I do notice the amazing quality from these headphones. I never knew what I was missing from my music and games until I put these on. The first difference I noticed that set these apart from any headphones I've had before was the bass. They actually have really good bass, but the mid and high tones are equally as impressive. There isn't any sacrifice in any area of sound quality.Build quality:I don't doubt these will last me for years to come due to their durable design. I've owned headphones in the past that wore out from plastic fatigue where they had to bend a lot, not going to be a problem with the 202 MK II. These headphones are designed in such a way that there is no major stress point to fatigue and weaken.Smart design:There are a couple of design features that I really love about these particular headphones. First of all, it is simply 3 pieces: two earphones and the piece that goes over your head. The earphones adjust on the headpiece in such a way that my hair doesn't get caught and pulled like many headphones tend to do. The pair I got are also exactly as pictured, the ear pieces do not touch when I'm not wearing them, so I don't have to pry them apart a long way to get them over my head, which means they don't squeeze and hurt my head like some other headphones. The cord is also very long, like over 5 feet, but the headphones come with a nice spool you can wind the cord up on and it has notches cut out so you can stick the ends of the cord though and it won't unravel. The spool also has a clip so you can hook it to your belt or clothes.Comfort:I'm a male with an average sized head. Unlike other headphones I've owned, these can be worn for several hours without even noticing them. The earphones and headpiece are all padded with a very light and airy padding that does not cause me to sweat. The padding does not have memory, meaning the foam returns to its original shape and doesn't become squished down and less effective. The only complaint that I have is I would like there to be a little more padding around the earpieces because they don't quite hold themselves off my ear lobes. If I don't have them positioned correctly they can hurt my lobes after a while. However, once I took some time to get used to them, I learned to position them correctly and now can wear these all day without any discomfort at all.Best use:These are great for people who want great sound while sitting for long periods of time. Movie buffs, gamers, or music fans will not be disappointed. I would not recommend these headphones for active people, as they are large (obviously since they are over-ear headphones) and the very long cord+cord spool may be inconvenient for walking or jogging around.
I bought these headphones as an affordable step up from my ipod earbuds and they are definitely MUCH better than those. The overall clarity of sound is much better. I can hear the treble much more clearly and the bass is powerful. These headphones also fit on my head very well. I can wear them for several hours at a time with little discomfort. The only complaint I have is that the cord is really really long. Like almost five feet long. When I read the reviews before I bought these, people commented on this feature, but I was just thinking it would be a little extra slack. Nope. The length of the cord is actually kind of ridiculous. The headphones come with a plastic belt clip sort of thing that I guess you're supposed to wrap the cord around, but it took quite a bit of fiddling to make it work. This is the only reason I'm giving these less than 5 stars.Final opinion: These are great headphones for the price and are worth the money if you're just going to be listening to music around the house. Don't buy these if you want to use them while working out or something of that nature.
I already had a set of the HD202 headphones and was buying these for my wife. I do love the sound and fit of the HD202s.  After reading some of the reviews, I noticed that some people were not receiving the newer MKII model but were instead getting the older HD202s.  The HD202MKIIs were only 50 cents more so I thought I would take a chance.  Sure enough, I received the older HD202s. In fact, someone had taped a piece of paper with a bar code labeled HD202MKII over the bar code on the original package.  This is the first complaint I've ever had with any purchase I've made at Amazon, and I've made a lot of them, but I feel scammed after this purchase. Love the headphones, but don't expect the MKIIs if you order them from Amazon.
I have been an audio-sound-freak for many years and have and have had some of the top of the line sound equipment in both theater and portable kinds. Sound-wise and weight wise, these ear phones can't be beat. The price is right as well, although that was not my primary motivation. Overall; wonderful.
Sound is very good, comfort level is nice and light. But longevity of the wires is POOR! Now that I am attempting to repair where the right side wire exits the right headpiece, I see that the "strain relief" is so stiff it really is more of a "strain transfer" so that the feeble wire leaving the phones reefs against the strain relief and breaks easily.And the wire isn't a nice honest coax wire. Both the Signal and Return are made of a few measley strands of magnet wire (very thin wire coated in epoxy and used to wind small motors and transformers) wrapped around a thread matrix. What this means is you can't simply solder them back together because of the epoxy coating. You have to delicately separate them with an X-acto knife and scrape off some of the epoxy, then solder in a bit of wire (i recommend wirewrap 28-30 AWG) to connect the ends, making sure to use heat shrink or tape to separate Signal and Return. I have no idea if they did this to be cheap or to make the wires extra flexible. I blame Apple for being the first to use magnet wire for transferring audio signals in headphones. That's not what magnet wire is made for! It's supposed to be wound on a core or a guitar pickup or somewhere where it will never flex again. /end rant.Buy something more expensive unless you want your headphones to be disposable.
It doesn't matter how well these earphones transmit sound -- because they hurt your ears.  I have purchased Sennheiser earphones for many years.  I never had a problem before.  However, the earpieces on these headphones are just TOO SMALL.  I do not have big ears, and yet the earphones rest on the tips of my ears and squeeze.  Half way through a movie, I have to take them off and give my ears a rest from the pressure.  BAD PURSHASE.
These headphones are not the best that money can buy but they are the best you will get for the price which is why I very happily snatched these up. The sound quality is awesome, the bass is good and makes for transitioning between genres easy but is not overpowering. I personally have not had any comfort issues with these and I wear them for hours at a time. Also love the cord wrap it comes with, it makes storage easier.
I purchased the Sennheiser HD202 headphones from Amazon. I am not an audiophile so I won't judge sound quality which  was fine for me. I returned the Headphones because the ear pieces are intended to fit on, rather than over the ear. After about a half hour, the discomforting pressure on my ears was all I could endure no matter the TV program content.
Had a pair that lasted me a couple years. After constant beatings from traveling or dropping from my desk to tile they finally gave out. I made the mistake of buying a different brand. I quickly decided just to buy these again. Fit comfortably and they are actually noise cancelling. Perfect for the airplane or in the office.
I've had an opportunity to use these headphones for about 4 days, and at this point here is my review.Pros:1.  Cheap: these headphones are about ~$20.00-$25.00 brand new.  As such, the price has to be factored into how I rate these in terms of "bang for the buck."  You're getting quite a lot with the price.2.  Good, Not Great Sound: I'm not an audiophile, but they seem fine to me.  I use these mainly for listening to music and podcasts, and they perform those tasks without any issues.  I'm sure you can get headphones that eclipse the quality of these headphones...but  you'll probably spend several times what these cost.  Again, for the cost the sound is good.  One consideration also lies with what you are listening to.  If you are listening to a lot of lower quality music files (mp3, aac, etc.), there is only so much that your headphones can do for that lossy format.  Sure, higher quality headphones can really provide you with the best possible experience, but at a certain point you're getting diminishing returns.3.  Decent Build Quality: I thought that these headphones would be completely flimsy and prone to breaking if I looked at them wrong, but I have been pleasantly surprised.  Sure, they don't seem/feel like expensive headphones, but they are not shabbily constructed either.4.  Surprisingly Comfortable: I expected these to be a pain to wear, or to be difficult to adjust.  I've adjusted them exactly one time: when I got them.  They appear to have gotten "broken in" so that they easily slip onto my head when I put them on.  The padding on them isn't luxurious, but it isn't any different than I have seen on other non-premium headphones.  For ~$20.00 headphones, they are fine.Cons:1.  Cord Length: The other reviews aren't kidding.  The length of the cord on these is crazy.  I understand that some people will use these to plug into a stereo and then sit several feet away, but not everyone listens to music that way.  Frequently, people listen to music (at least nowadays) on their phone.  I don't have a need for several extra feet of cord, but I have to categorize this as a minor mark against this product.  They do include a plastic oval-thing that you can wrap the extra cord around and clip to your belt.  It's a bit unwieldy, but it works.  And it is nice to be able to walk away from your phone/computer if necessary and not have to unplug the headphones on the rare occasions where you might do that.2.  The Plug Is Fat: the 3.5mm plug/jack is relatively fat where it plugs into whatever device you are using it with.  If you have a case on your phone, you are either going to have to remove that case or get an adaptor that has a slim 3.5mm jack.  Again, this is not a huge gripe (especially if you are not going to use these with a phone that has a case), but with my cased iPhone it simply will not plug in and I'll have to buy an adaptor/extension cord.  It wasn't expensive, but I'm not sure whey they decided to go with such a fat plug.3.  Package Is Hard To Open: at least the one that I received (this was a gift).  It's one of those plastic packages that doesn't appear to have a seam with which you can easily open by hand.  You will have to use scissors and it will be a chore.  Again, this is a minor gripe.  They might have one type of package that is sold online and in stores, and I can understand making the package difficult to open in a store, but it is really difficult to open.Overall: Definitely worth considering if you are looking for cheap, functional and "good enough" headphones.  I recommend them.
I got these years ago with leftover hotel points; I didn't know anything about them except that Sennheiser is a well-respected brand.  Turns out they're very well regarded for this price point (lots of positive reviews on here) and I have been extremely satisfied with them.Pros:--very good, open sound quality; they reproduce a very wide frequency range and allow you to hear details that you completely miss on lesser earbuds, car stereos, etc.--nice soft but durable material on the pads; very comfortable--extra long cord, which is great as I can plug them into our A/v receiver and sit in the chair on the other side of the room--the adjusters for each ear piece have sturdy-enough detents that they never slip out of adjustment when I'm wearing them--they're made to be serviced if you ever need/want to (i.e., the earpieces snap off the frame and then disassemble with screws)--they're durable - more than once, I've left them plugged into the A/V receiver and found my wife on the couch watching TV with the volume cranked loud enough for her to hear the sound from the phones, which were sitting across the room next to the TV.  This of course you would never do intentionally, and makes me quite angry, but luckily there seems to be no damage to the headphones (probably helps to have a strong enough amp so that there's no clipping).Cons:--The padding doesn't breathe overly well, and can make you sweat if, for example, you're outside and it's hot--while the long cord comes in handy, it can be a pain when you don't need the length (although you can wrap it around the cord holder, which has a handy clip on it)--that's about it
I purchased these headphones mainly for my wife to use with her Yamaha PSR E333 keyboard, but of course I have been using them lately, and I will say they are a great value. My wife an I both have "smallish" ears, and these lightweight headphones fit perfectly. I think for anyone who has large or long ears may not find these to be comfortable.The ear cups adjust by sliding up or down at the point of connection. That connection also swivels a bit to allow for a nice custom feel. All the padding is super soft, but I could see it getting ripped if one were not careful. The cord seems well connected into the headphones and is at least 8 ft long. The little cord keeper that is included is just OK, but it functions. These headphones "seal" really well around my ears, so I have to be really careful to make sure and have my volume down before I put the headphones on, or they will really blast my eardrums. The sound......... These things sound amazing for a $25 pair of entry level headphones. When I first plugged them into my laptop and headed to YouTube, they seemed a bit muffled, so I pulled up my laptop's equalizer and was able to really get the headphones dialed in. I was able to get warm rich tones, high highs, and clear bass notes. They also do an excellent job of keeping the audio in the ear cups as my wife can't hear anything from four feet away. She loves them with the Yamaha keyboard. The included larger size adapter fit in the keyboard perfectly. The only con I can come up with is I didn't purchase them sooner. If you have any questions, feel free to ask and I will answer as best I can. Thanks.SPO
When you write a review, you have to keep certain things in mind.  Price point and then the rest.The only reason I am taking a star is that my ears started hurting after 2 hours.  I am very picky with my music.  That being said, music appreciation is very subjective.  This headphone delivers excellent bass response, that is clean and realistic.  You feel like you are in a soundproof room, which is the way headphones are supposed to sound.  I sit next to the tv with this one and the tv looks like it is on mute with my headphones comfortable high.Some people may not like the high response but it is clear and not extended to overpower your music, guitar sounds clean, cymbal is like it is next to you, tabla is a joy.  IMHO, the highs are perfect.It also does well when the volume is turned up high.  What is wrong with this?  Maybe it can get a little sweaty but how else do you achieve noise cancelling without hugging the ears closely?For $30.00 this is a steal!!!
usually purchase the cheaper ear-buds locally, as I tend to break the cord easily, but these headphones are far superior to what I was used to hearing. Before everything sounded the same with the cheap ear-buds, but now I can clearly tell when listening to my audio books if the speaker used a cheap quality mic or a higher quality mic. Sound quality was just far better than what I was used to so you be sure that I'm actually quite happy with this purchase.The only downfall is the fit, which is why i gave it 4 stars instead of 5. Initially the fit didn't feel too bad but I could feel it press lightly against the ears, and as time went by if I left on my ears for too long it would get worse and really made my ears hurt. Will invest in another pair that is slightly bigger over the ears once this one gives out.
These headphones are quite a step up from the SONY MDR-V150 models I've used for years. Although the packaging says they have "powerful bass," I simply lowered the bass setting on my CREATIVE ZEN 8GB mp3 player, and they play metal music like I've never heard through headphones. They're much louder then any headphones I've used before, and more adjustable, not to mention they come with a 2 year warranty, rather than the standard 90 day warranty. I would recommend these to anyone on a budget who's looking for a pair of good headphones; you just can't beat German quality.
The sound quality of these is great. It really is. But the construction of them is beyond shoddy. The company replaced them once for me under warranty so I can't really complain about their customer service; it's very good. These headphones have a flaw though. The cord going into the ear piece is prone to breaking. They have the thinnest copper wire going through them with just a thing piece of rubber around them. The ear piece may easily detach from the wire. I've never had headphones break like that before. I wouldn't buy these again.
These prove that you don't need to spend a ton of cash to get a very good set of headphones. I love these cans, very comfortable, well built, and nice sound. I particularly like the way the headphones break away from the headset. I have dropped them many times and they always go back together quick and easy with no damage. I love them so much that when my first pair got broke due to my negligence I didn't hesitate to buy another pair as I knew i was getting quality cans at a very good price. Highly recommend these.
Great deal for a throw-away set.  I'm a video editor, so i use my good set at the desk (Bose AE2).  But these are a great backup and i use them regularly for playing drums, mowing the lawn, etc.  Light, reasonably comfortable (a bit tight), good sound.The cord is a bit ridiculously long but could be an asset in many situations - my 3rd pair, the cushions become dilapidated and leave black pieces on your face and ears over time (2yrs YMMV).  This pair came with a rather large cord wrap which i appreciate.
These are pretty damn cheap headphones and they lasted me exactly 360 days with pretty heavy use. They weren't treated with care, to be honest. My chair would run over the chords regularly and I'd accidentally yank the audio jack out of my computer, but they lasted for almost a full year, which is saying a lot for 20 dollar headphones. I've had more expensive headphones last for less time. The sound quality isn't lacking either. I'm probably going to re-purchase them.
The Sennheiser HD650 is one of the great bargains in dynamic open-backs. They are about 95% there in terms of overall fidelity compared to the most expensive h-phones, including all four and even five figure models. The HD650's may not have the fancy technologies of orthodynamic or electrostatic units, nor the pricey parts and accessories, but they definitely sound nearly as good and even better in some ways. With respect to detail, three dimensionality, accuracy, and the like, once you get to the level of the HD650's the law of diminishing returns applies in the extreme. Remove the smoke and mirrors, and all headphones reproduce sound via electrical signals which cause diaphragms (the thinner, the better) to vibrate within a magnetic field. While I was a high-end audio salesman, manufacturer reps even admitted to me that headphones were often marked up dozens of times over their true manufacturing costs. Magazine reviewers are compensated to publish rave reviews about so-called "high-end" audio products in order to justify their overpricing. The unwarranted praise gets propagated by naive, barely literate, blue collar types at so-called audiophile websites. But what little empirical evidence that exists, such as objective, third-party measurements of accuracy, distortion, and the like, usually debunks the aforementioned outlandish hype. And keep in mind that retailers train their commissioned salespeople to high pressure consumers into spending the most money possible. Note that price is rarely proportional to fidelity; the contrary myth is perpetuated by manufacturers and retailers in order to squeeze the most money out of every consumer. The bottom line is that if your goal is to reproduce sound exactly as it was recorded, the HD650 is about as good as you can get at that at ANY price, marketing hype notwithstanding.
I owned a recording facility for many years and recently moved. Since I am now focusing on my own compositions, I  don't require a full blown, acoustically treated control room/live room for paying clients, but, I still need to very accurately assess balance, eq, compression etc. My monitors sounded positively atrocious in the new, large, open room, so, I needed phones to work. I started with my old ATH-M40FS's and it took QUITE a while and A LOT of backing-and-forthing in various rooms, the car, the boom box etc...before I trusted what I was hearing with them. But, after reading a lot of reviews and scouring the various forums on the web, I decided to go for the HD650's.Whether they needed them or not, I did a burn in of 3 continuous days and then started to work with them. The difference between the two headphones, whether the comparison is fair or not, is a a "useful" difference. At least for mixing. The HD650's are quite a bit less bright which is very good ! Dialing in the mids and high frequencies is not only much, much easier, but, much truer. You simply don't get the high end hash on the HD650's. You get clean, clear mids and highs. There is "no fear" in getting things right in this area.The bottom end is also quite different, one pair being closed and the other open of course. My only wish is that very low frequencies and subs would reveal themselves more clearly on the HD650's. When switching to my monitors in the room, I hear more sub sonic energy in the room than is revealed in the phones. Maybe this is just an inherent deficiency for headphones, I don't know. I haven't had the pleasure of trying planar magnetic headphones for example.If you're not a composer, mixer, engineer, these phones would be an awesome buy. Music is extremely pleasurable, well balanced, and even at higher volume, easy on the ears.
Being an engineer, I find myself scrutinizing everything. I'm disappointed oftentimes, especially when it's blindingly obvious there was little thought put into a product design. I often swap gear just to behold something new. My obsession is not for the latest and greatest however; it's for well designed products.I've been on a sound journey of sorts. While still an amateur by some standards, I've learned a lot. I've tried nearly two dozen headphones of various styles over the past couple years. I've found  my over-the-ear headphones though.. these are the ones. There are countless reviews already covering sound characteristics, so I'll just say that these sound amazing. Bass is solid and deep without being overwhelming, soundstage is excellent, mids and highs are clear and present. Drive them with a decent amp of course.On form, function, and design, this is a STUNNING piece of hardware! Weight is perfect, clamping force is perfect, feel is perfect. I hold them up with one finger and am pleased with the weight. I put them on and feel confident they'll stay in place as I move around. The cups fit around the ear nicely thanks to their shape and size. The quality and softness of the earpads and headband cushion make me smile, materials selection is top notch! Can I get more stuff that feels this good?On durability, I'd like to first say this, it falls on the owner to use a product within its design parameters. Any well designed product has design intent built into it; in other words, it's meant to be used a certain way. Use it in that way with care and precision, and the product will last. I scrutinize these to find solid, satisfying design features everywhere. They're sturdy for a product so light and nimble. The metal headband offers good resistance when adjusted, the cups swivel on well designed pivot points, the cable plugs in to a durable connection point for a solid connection. The metal mesh is beautiful yet tough, the housing is a light metal. I could go on and on.. rest assured it's obvious the Sennheiser engineers earned their pay with this one.This is an unconventional review as I focused mainly on design quality. Product design is important to me. If you're like me and you find yourself scrutinizing things, I assure you'll appreciate this beautiful piece of technology.  There's a reason why this design has stood the test of time and remains relevant. It's hard to improve on something so close to perfect. These are a brilliant set of cans folks. I love them and I'm keeping them. That's saying a lot.  I'm done, I've found the ones..
Hello,I have been on the search for a good set of headphones to use for general music listening, and as studio referencesAlong with a FiiO E9K and Topping TP D2 as amps, I picked up a set of these and a set of AKG Q701'sWhile the 650's have a nice, full-bodied, rich sound, the tonal separation in comparison is incredibly noticeableDepending on the type of music you listen to, the additional bass response from the 650's may make them worth the money, as the 701's do not have as full a bass response, but when it comes to overall audio clarity and tonal separation, they pretty much destroy the 650's, as the 701's keep the bass frequencies nicely separated, whereas the 650's carry more bass, but at the expense of frequency separationI listen to a lot funk, jazz, and house music, so your mileage may vary when it comes to tonal preferenceAlso, these things grip your head like a monster if you have a large head, they give me headaches after half an hour listening, even after I stretched them consistently over a period of days
These are some pretty great mid-level headphones. Super good quality, super durable. I've had to replace the cable twice in 6 years because I've ran them over with my computer chair countless times and eventually they just stop working lol, but at least the cable is very easy to replace and not very expensive.They are SO comfortable. It's like wearing 2 pillows on your ears. I have used them anywhere from 3-10 hours a day in the 6 years I've owned them. Superb.
First off: These headphones sound fantastic. Since their debut a decade ago, they've become one of the standards against which all other headphones are compared. Audiophiles describe the HD 650s as "euphonic" (as opposed to the more neutral HD 600s). I particularly love the warm, rich vocals these headphones produce.Comfort-wise, these are good but not great. At 9.1 ounces, they're lighter than most audiophile headphones. But I still feel some strain on my neck and a slight pinch on my ears after extended wear, as is the case with nearly all headphones I've tried. The most comfortable headphones I've tried? TheBose QuietComfort 15s, which are slightly lighter (7.4 ounces) and distribute that weight evenly around my ears. The QC15s also have modernity on their side: A single thin cable with iPhone controls and in-line microphone, rather than a thick split cable with a 1/8" plug; a nice carrying case you can fit in your backpack rather than the shoebox the HD 650s come in; low impedance so that you can get plenty of volume out of an iPhone.Of course, comparing the HD 650s with the QuietComfort 15s is apples to oranges. These are audiophile headphones intended for use at home with an amp; the QC 15s are travel headphones, best-suited to wearing on planes and trains (where their active noise cancellation shines). But my ideal headphones would combine the lightness, comfort, and portability of the QC 15s with the rich sound of the HD 650s. As far as I can tell, those perfect headphones don't exist yet.
I could never get a sense of how these sound, from dayOne there was slight static, then I realized afterChanging the stock cord, the spring loaded connectorWere bad. Huge disappointment on a $500Headphone. Now, I'm suffering thru sennheiser'sPoor repair process, which makes you ship these phones toCT for repair, instead of listing a local option.I cannot recommend this manufacturer to anyone, andWould never buy a pair of Sennheiser phones again.
I'm not going to go on and on about my background and qualifications of merit for you to value my opinion, so just take it for what it's worth....  every red cent!It really is true, with all other headphones you are a spectator, a mere observer of the music.  With the HD650 you are right in the middle, and it is right in the middle of you, with amazing detail in spatial separation, even distance.Go ahead, get a blanket and get ready for the chills you will get from your favorite tracks, again and again... just amazing.No other compares to the quality of sound on this set, well suited for any genre music or type of recorded work.The other components in your system will be the weak link in the chain, so the better they are, the more you will get out of this set.  I don't think you don't need to go run out and buy amps or other stuff immediately.... relax and enjoy them.  The sandisk player is great with these (with eq) and the higher output mp3 players like Cowan sound incredible.  You won't really be happy listening to mp3's unless really high quality, so if mp3 is your media, make sure to burn your tracks from cd whenver possible.
My expectation of the 650 was rather great, with it's 0.05%, 10-39500 and ratings on headphone.com ... the problem is that they are drastically colored. Sennheiser states that these cans were developed with the way music listeners listen to their music today. That's cute, but to do this they have colored all the audio ranges with a "creamy" sound that dulls all the details. All wave lengths are dropped so you get artificial bass in all spectums leaving your not-so-average-music-listener feeling like you are listening to great music but it's not the best.I just finished an extensive review the another serious audio listener and engineer and we both agree that there needs to be more advertizement on these cans to let you know that they are pre-toned for your average listening pleasure. There's no way I would do mix-downs or proof a final track with the 650s ... they are just not accurate enough.The best cans out there are still the HD 600s. They're numbers are slightly lower than the 650s but it's not going to cause you grief with colorization. You can get to 10 with 650s and 12 with 600s in the lows, but because of the colorization and everything begin in the lower bracket you'll wish they produced the 650s with the extra low and no colorization.650s are a disappointment. When you train your ear to hear everything being played and recorded and want the most accurate listening that you can you'll want the 600s.
it came the day before it said it would. Works great was gonna save for Christmas present but was so excited, I gave it early to her. she loves them. and she is happy because she told me what kind she liked and i found them here at a decent price, Just glad I found before they Discontinued making them.
Just received them today and as soon as i took them out the box and plugged them in the sound was fading in and out and crackling as if the cord had a short in it. I have used these headphones before and they sound very good but the pair i was sent were horrible.
We were so excited to buy this for my daughter for her birthday, and she used it lightly for less than 2 months.  All the use was sitting down on a couch, not moving around.  7 weeks after we bought it, the right ear started crackling and the left ear stopped working.  We couldn't return it through Amazon because it was outside the 30 day return window.  When I looked up Skullcandy's warranty, I found that you have to ship the product to them on your own dime, and then if it's defective, they'll give you a coupon good for more Skullcandy product for the amount you paid.  Poor policy and poor customer service.  I don't want to buy this again, but if I want to get my money back, I may have to.
These headphones are a great deal for the price.  I use them for my job as a transcriptionist (I generally need a good quality headset) and they work great.  I would give them five stars but sometimes the top band hurts my head and I have to shift them every so often.  They are comfortable otherwise.  I'm not a huge headphone geek so I don't know how they compare to skull candy or anything like that but they work wonderfully for my job. I bought them because of the good reviews, and many of them say they are just as good as the more expensive ones.  I've been using them for six months now and am very happy with them!
I was so devastated when I lost my last pair that I had to buy another one. Although not necessarily touted as noise cancelling headphones, they drown out the extra cacophony at work. They become slightly uncomfortable on the head after long use, but then again, I wear them for 7 1/2 hours a day. Rich base, and crisp, clear sound. Love that the wire disconnects from the headphones - you can buy another one when it goes out. Brilliant!
I'm not an audiophile by any means (I just buy headphones to occasionally listen to music from my MP3 player), so keep in mind that I'm writing this as a casual reviewer.As far as cancelling out the sound of outside noise is concerned, these will get the job done if you're the type of person that likes to crank the volume of your MP3 player up pretty high. If you're the type of person that likes to keep your music at any volume level below that, however, these won't block out any outside noise whatsoever. If someone's having a conversation ten feet away from you and the volume isn't cranked up really high, you'll hear every word of it.For sound quality, the sound seems to be decent in most cases. Out of an MP3 player with more than 1,000 songs on it, only a small handful seemed to have something like a "quality drop", but reworking the settings on my MP3 player seemed to help resolve the issue for the most part. If the device that you intend to use these headphones with allows you to change your music settings in a similar fashion, these will probably be fine.The cord... the cord is the only major complaint that I have. It's alright for home use, but the design of it makes it pretty clear that it's highly susceptible to damage and that can make carrying it around in public kind of pain. I ordered a jacketed cord from another company to use as a substitute for the cord that these came with and I highly suggest that anyone interested in buying these considers looking for a different cord as well. If you want to order a cord at the same time that you order these, keep in mind that you'll need a 3.5mm male-to-male cord and make sure the area around the connector on each end is very, very narrow.I got these headphones at a retailer other than Amazon for about $70. These are a pretty decent purchase if (like me) you don't want to spend more than $75 on a pair of headphones, but don't bother with them if you consider yourself an audiophile and/or can afford something better. These are more for casual listening and/or people working with a budget than anything else.
The sound that comes out of these headphones is fantastic. They look really nice and fell nice. One of the earpieces broke off though after just a little while of regular use. I was able to put it back in and use it still, but it pops out still every now and again. Like I said though, really good sound and I'm very happy with these overall.
I wish I could return these headphones, but I threw away all the packaging. They worked for about 1 day before the bent connection plug messed up. I have to hold it a certain position or no sound comes through, so I don't even bother trying to use them. I wish they would have a straight plug--that might fix this issue. There is clearly some kind of faulty wiring. I am super disappointed with this purchase--a total waste of money.
Doesn't work on my PC, probably because it has crappy 3.5mm ports that haven't been used at all during it's entire run (3-4 years or so). Works fine on mobile devices though! Use it every day going to and from school. It's an on-ears headphone, not over-ears, so your ears get hotter a tad faster. But other than that it works relatively well.
These headphones are decent and are great for the price. However they always come off my head easily and feel kinda loose and I don't like that. The sound is great but it's not that great. Like I said it's worth the price and if you can't afford anything more than $20 headphones then these will be okay.
They're ~$15. They're better than you'd expect for $15, but the sound quality isn't amazing. But they're $15.I've had these for over a year, and here's what impressed me: they're durable. I got them to replace earbuds when I run. They get sweated on, rained on, jostled for miles on end, carried around. They also got pressed into service as my primary headphones. So these things are constantly being plugged, unplugged, shoved into gym/laptop bags, etc .They look and sound just like new, so I'd say I've gotten my $15 worth.They're also very comfortable.
These headphones have reasonably good sound, especially for the price, but I find them too uncomfortable to wear for extended periods of time. The fit is tight, and the ear cups are an awkward size - too small to fit over the ears, but too large to be considered on-ear - causing a kind of pinching feeling. Also, the cords have quickly become twisted and wrinkled after limited use. They might be good for children, or as a spare pair, but I wouldn't recommend them for your primary set of headphones. The Koss PortaPro is still my all-time favorite bargain headphones. They cost twice as much, but they're worth it.
These are possibly the comfiest headphones you can get for this price. But they are also crazy tough, I can't tell think of the number of times I forgot they were on my head and accidentally yanked the cord out of my laptop. And I haven't had any issues with the wires because of my abuse.They also deliver very great sound quality, not anywhere near Beats or Turtle Beach headphones, but for less than $20 they are the best thing if you want headphones.I find the little red indicator that tells which side is the right side very handy and thoughtful too.
Had my pair for 3 years and theyre still working perfect. Best investment ever made without a doubt. Left out in rain overnight and even freaking dragged them behind my car at 50 mph....they still gucci. Quality wise. Theyre also great. Not an audiophile so dont really know the technical terms but yeah. Bass is good. Treble rocks blah blah blah. Definitely a recommended buy
V-MODA Crossfade LP Over-Ear Noise-Isolating Metal Headphone (Phantom Chrome)I have never been a fan of Beats, as they always seemed so flimsy, but I wanted to splurge and buy a nice pair of headphones. I first heard about these from a friend who owned a pair and you could feel the durability; being made of metal. Even the chord for the headphones is durable and has lasted. It's made of a rope like material. The quality of the audio is amazing as well. Moving on to over a year with these headphones and they're still amazing. I would honestly recommend these to anyone.
I bought these on sale during black Friday a few years ago. I'm wearing them listening to a Chet Faker song as I write this review, I replaced the cups twice, fairly priced and easy to replace. They are a little Bass-y but I was looking for that with my headphones. Def. worth the cost!!!
I have had these headphones for about 2 years now, and they sound so good still, tough headphones, and they look great, easily competes with much more expensive counterparts. Very heavy bass, nice mids, good lows, overall a great heaphone for anything. I use them in the studio, but also for gaming. Works great for both!
Fantastic headphones, sound amazing, with more bass than you can think of, and are in- credibility durable, I've dropped these things on the train, on the ground, and even threw them across the room,(not on purpose, I'm a dancer and when you go in for a pirouette, you forget your headphones aren't attached to your head)
Only complaint is I wish it would come with the XL pads included, but still epic headphones, I get lots of compliments on look and quality of sound. Lows (80hz and under) are very defined but not muddy and sound great on every genre i've thrown at it. Being a headphone junkie, I will say that these impressed me at the price I bought them at. On apple products, i've found the "Classical" eq in the music settings to be the most well rounded.Also, buyer beware: THERE IS A LONG BURN IN PERIOD! Mine took about 18hrs to settle. This is usual for most $100+ headphones, but for someone who is not used to waiting, make sure to let them burn in for full quality.
All I can say about these is WOW!!!I purchased these headphones for an amazing price on an Amazon Daily Deal.  This means that I got the headphones at half price, but after receiving these I am confident that I would have paid two to three times more for these headphones.  The sound takes a few weeks to really hit its stride, but even from the outset it's pretty great.  While these aren't noise cancelling, I still have a really hard time hearing anyone even on a very moderate volume.  It's difficult to hear myself think with these on, which is why they rock so much.There is great bass and surround sound to these.  Both ears contribute different aspects of songs based on how the song has been mixed or rendered.  If you're using a nice HD sound source, these are comparable to my surround sound speakers at home, except for directly on your ears.  These, to me, are better than the Beats Ear Buds.  These are more balanced than the Beats over-ear headphones.  They compare to Carbine and are really just a great overall product.To boot, these have a load of great accessories to make them fun and stylish.  The color plates are replaceable, though I prefer red.  They come with two cords, one for music and one for chatting on the phone/music.  The long cord for music stretches quite far so you can comfortably move around your desk or workspace.  I've also played basketball with these on quite a few times, and both cords work for that as well.  These can be a little hot if you're moving around, but overall they're great.  Enjoy your purchase!  You wont regret it as I know I haven't.
Amazing headphones, sound is crisp, packaging is neat and the build quality feels very nice in hand .But there is just one minor problem that was comfort. in the first week or so it hurts your ears, your ears rub up against the inner headphones but it decreases heavily and dissapears after some usage
These are my favorite cans, good weight, excellent sound and they look badass. Note: they do take some time to get used to.There are great professional reviews for these earphones already check them out, also if you don't like the shields V-Moda offers more shield options to purchase.
Great ear phones with excellent noise reduction, but at a terrible price.  I will use these until they die, but I will buy some other, more economical brand next time. Nowadays, you can get great earphones with effective noise canceling for a much better price.  You end up paying dearly for the Bose name.  You do get a very well made carrying case with them though.
I always wanted to travel the world. When I bought these headphones, which I saw were designed for airplanes, I always imagined myself on a plane going to some exotic place. I never had the means to go anywhere, nor did I have anyone to go with. Once I had enough money, I still didn't go - I couldn't go with anyone, I had to work, and I was also afraid of flying. However, years after I bought the headphones, an opportunity arose for me to go with my sister to Spain. After wanting to go my entire life, I faced my fear of flying, and I got on the airplane. When it took off, I put on these headphones and I felt like those people in the advertisements who wore these headphones and relaxed on the plane. I was finally able to do what I always wanted to do, and I was able to wear these headphones as I did, like I always imagined I would.+Sound quality is amazing+Noise cancelling works perfectly and sometimes I don't hear when people are talking to me-Requires a lot of battery chaning
I use the wired connection to my home AVR system. Hook up to phone outlet with an adapter which incorporates my stereo system, and turn on volume (has two levels) which turns off sound system to enable my wife to sleep while I enjoy full sound. awesome. Took it to gym, no special advantage from cheapo headsets. Bought extender cables with connectors
I bought these headphones 1.5 years ago & loved them. Then 1 day I changed the battery & BAM! No power light & they don't work. Researched it & found some ideas which I tried. Nothing worked. You can call BOSE customer service, but they are USELESS! You can pay $100 for them to fix the problem (which is an actual defect). You need to change the batteries on this quite often & they use some cheap ass connector wire to get the battery charge & there are TONS of reviews from customers saying the wire snapped or bent which caused it not to work. When you spend this much money on headphones you expect them to last for several years & all BOSE is doing is running a sweat shop operation charging customers $100+ to correct an issue that WILL HAPPEN AGAIN! BOSE just lost my business. So disappointing.
Very effective. The best thing about noise cancelling headphones: I no longer need to play my music loud in order to drown out noise. The benefit to my hearing is worth it.I'm no audiophile, so couldn't tell you about audio quality, but I haven't noticed any issues either. They seem reasonably well-made.They eat batteries, so my coworkers and I (three of us have these) just keep a communal set of rechargeables and a charger. Then again, I do have them on at least 4 hours a day, 5 days a week. When the battery runs out, the headphones cut in and out, and it's really annoying.Other than that, though, great.
Really cancel the noise! Amazing! Now I don't have to listen to my husband's nagging anymore. The sound quality is supreme. It beat my old Sony headphone of the same price. Only complaint is the cord was weak with the connector toward the headset like all the other reviews said. I try to be very,very careful not to break it. The sound is little thin but one may say it is crystal. It is not a boom box!
I enjoy wearing on flights.  Work fairly well, but after not much use I find that my pair has a wiring short of some kind that causes it to click off on while wearing when I move slightly.  The problem appears to be in the connection between one of the earpieces and the headband.
Had these for 3 months or so, and I love, love, love them. Don't know how I ever traveled and worked without them.I travel back and forth to Europe a lot, and these puppies have become indispensable! Forget what they offer you in business class, these Bose Quiet Comfort and nothing less!Coffee shop, planes or at home when you don't want to bother the wife and kids and vice versa, these headphones were and are the answers to my listening-quietly-and-in-great-quality prayers.Thank you BOSE for another top-notch product!
It hurt my ears, if it's on for too long (like during 3,5 hrs flight). The pads are soft, but they push on the ears. My husband's Bose earphones are fit around the ear, so the ear is inside the cushion. So I like mine, but not for a long use.
