I do love these headphones, sound great, fit great however this entire headphone depends on a small plastic pimple that prevents the ear piece from going too far back forcing it to fit over your ear. Yes a small plastic pimple that gives way and what you have left is a non-functioning, useless $169 piece of junk. So now I am in the market for new headphones and I am afraid to shell out $169 for another headphone that may end up being another useless piece of junk. For sound I give this 4.5 Stars, they are quality but A plastic pimple? Come on now that is not right. Now its taped up and uncomfortable.
Great Headphones - in fact, maybe too "good."I am a headphone fanatic, with at least 8 headphones to my collection.  These are one of the best overall headphones I have, but I feel that the 50mm drives the base too hard.  I actually sometimes take the earcups off just to give my eardrums a break.  So they work, and they are powerful.  I use E5 Headphone amp along with these, and they are powered quite well using the amp.The reason for not giving these headphones 5 stars (ideally I would give it 4.5 stars) is that the overall quality of the sound is not 100%.  They headphones are slightly low-frequency heavy and don't have enough emphasis on the mids and the treble.  Overall sound quality is good, not great.  The build and everything else is great.  One other small critique would be that they are slightly tight so after wearing them for an hour I need to take them off.  overall these are about the best headphones for the money
(Note, I bought my pair of ATH-M50x directly from Alto Music of Orange County, who is an authorized retailer, and not through Amazon, as I wanted to ensure that I received a legitimate pair)Excellent headphones, bought them to accompany my foam-modded Sennheiser HD558, but where I thought I would be regularly switching between the 558 and the M50x, I ended up making the M50x my main headphones, simply because I prefer the sound they give. That's not to say that the HD558s are inferior; they're, to my ears, about even in sound quality. It's just that I prefer the sound signature of the M50x more, especially the much more prominent bass. Then again, it could be what I like to call "New Toy Syndrome", and I'm sure I'll be yearning for the wider soundstage of my HD558 soon enough. As it is, though, the ATH-M50x has given me the exact sound I was looking for, and they'll be replacing my Sennheiser Momentum in-ears as my portable headphones for sure.The only thing that I didn't like about the M50x is the comfort level. I have big ears, and a big head, and it took me an entire weekend of tweaking to make the headphones tolerable on my head and ears. Ended up stretching out the headband to relieve some of the clamping force, and put a few halves of cotton balls into the top of the ear cups so that I could slip my ears into them, rather than having the ear cups pressing against my ears. The first couple of days saw the tops of my ear lobes getting raw and red. They still cause some discomfort after hours of wear, but I can tolerate it enough that I can wear them all day despite that.Attached with my review are pics of my new ATH-M50x, and a pic of them alongside the HD558.
I own another cheaper pair of Audio Technica headphones and am impressed with the sound for the money, that's why I decided to try these. They are good headphones for price but honestly I expected better performance at this price level. The sound is good and 'Accurate', but If you are looking for Great Base these are not the ones, the base is only 'good', I was looking for "Accurate" and these Are Accurate, though at high volumes they distort, but so do other even more expensive headphones at those volumes. On my system they begin to distort a little at just beyond 50% volume and would be noticeable to Anyone at 70% volume. I have Sony MDRs that I purchased around 1990 that don't begin to distort till around 70% volume but I wanted to replace those old things. I sent these back. Looking for better.
Love the sound quality. How ever, if you have big ears you will seem to feel uncomfortable in about 10-15 mins in listening. There's no pads for these of ears that will keep the sound quality and comfort. Also when listening its hard to catch the beats with music with these headphones. Also it need a bit more bass for me to feel the beat of the song. I like to feel the song when I'm listening, but these aren't the one that do that. Don't get me wrong though, these are high quality headphone to invest in. Though if you have big ears and wanted more bass boost. I would go for the Sony MDRXB950BT wireless headphone because I've tried them on and I was so amazed how comfortable it was. Sound quality is amazing like this one, but it has the quality that this headphone don't have. I will picking one up soon, and do a review on it.
Beast absolutely a beast! Best headphones I purchased, way better than Beats and I mean the $300 Beats. The sound the clarity absolutely phenomenal. You will understand once you put then on.Downside is it comes with a 2.5mm female Jack that has a locking device in the headset, because it comes with a detachable cable. So you can't use any other cable, they do sell a third part cable with mic but it's horrible.The good thing is this can be easily modified by purchasing a male to female Jack that you can purchase here on Amazon for about $4.00 then you open your headset unscrew the interior pin, remove it and screw it back on and insert the purchased Jack and presto. Instant 3.5 conversion. Did this on mine sound the same and I can now use any other high quality cable with mic. Plus you can make this to become Bluetooth as well. I use these for music on my phone watching movies and as a gaming headset, best purchase ever. I highly recommend these over anything else.
Best pair of headphones i have ever owned. Love the way these fold in two different ways so they are easy to pack. Comes with 2 detachable cables and a 3.5mm to 6.35mm conversion jack which is very nice. To hear these at full power it best to try them on a powerful receiver. Works great when editing or when out with my phone. These are always on sale so grab a pair!
Look elsewhere for reviews - whatever I have to say is nothing compared to the pros. It is amazing although here are my comments and suggestions. 1. why doesn't the 1/8 inch to 1/4 inch adapter work on any cable? I understand you wanted to make a screw lock, but include the ability to attach it to any cable without the lock, or your cable with the lock! DURRR 2. Why isnt there a mic cable? I understand most people dont use this on the go, but many others do and that would be a cheap addon or even sell it separately!! cmon guys - innovation!!! 3. The ear cup pads are not very durable. 4. okay this one bothers me a bit, but I understand why - the fact that the locking part of the cable is 3/32 (which is smaller I get it, but that) renders your cables unusable for other things, and even third party cables (and those weird DIY Bluetooth things) incompatible with your headphones. Plus the proprietary locking connector makes it worse. Maybe include a 3/32 locking to 1/8 inch adapter or something.Well that's all folks!
These are just so good. The sound is amazing, but beyond that, they are the only headphones I can wear for hours on end. I work in a relatively noisy environment and these block out a nice amount of sound by simply putting them on. Furthermore, the soft feel of the cushions is just so good.I recently got a second pair of these for my home office and while the leather on the cushions is still being worn in on that pair, they are just so comfortable to wear.The cord is detachable, and three cords are provided: long (good for connecting to the rear of your PC and having room to roll away from your desk), short (for mobile devices), & coiled (like an old telephone cord).
sound terrible and sound leaking is a real problem.  sound is distant and mediocre.  I was told that people could hear my music from many feet away while i was listening at a reasonable volume.  I thought they would be more comfortable for air travel, but they do not block out noise (at all really) like I had hope.  Using a Fiio e6, I couldn't get enough volume out of it to overcome the background noise of an airplane.  I removed the headphones and went back to my IEM's within an hour of taking off.  I returned them as soon as I got home.  Perhaps I got a bad unit, but I doubt it.  I think the style of headphone is just not for me.When i play video games i use cheap logitech gaming headset of a similar style, I believe the logitechs have a much better sound than these AT's.  It's a shame i was really looking forward to them, I have typically liked AT's but this is my second bad headphone from them and I think I am done with the brand.They are very pretty though!
Great set of headphones, specially when it comes to DJ. They are comtrable on the ears. Fit well around the ear and not laying on top of my ears. Plus interest style and white color they are. They stand out and have a stylish look. These are one of the best sounding headphones money can buy and cheaper than some other more expensive headphones that don't even perform as well as these.
I bought these headphones based on the positive reviews here and alot of other reviews I've seen online. I love these headphones and they are the best ones I've ever owned.  I'm no audiophile, but the audio quality is excellent, compared to other headphones/headsets I've owned in the past. Very satisfied with my purchase, and it goes great with my modmic!
A beautiful set of headphones. I've wanted these for years and now I finally have them. They are worth every  penny and really they did not coat much at all for the quality I'm experiencing. Suddenly albums I've had and listened to for years sound even better. They are also very stylish especially the white ones in my case. I will hold on to them for a long time I'm sure, taking well care of them. Thanks Audio-Technica and thank you to the amazon retailer I received them from. Arrived quickly and I very much appreciate them.
I ordered these headphones due to all the glowing reviews they've received. I was very disappointed when my headphones developed an issue within less than a week since I got them. The right ear would intermittently cease to function with no reliable way to solve the issue. Switching between the 3 provided cords provided a temporary fix until it the right ear stopped working again. For full disclosure, I've only tried the coiled cord and the short straight cord but if 2 of the 3 cords don't function reliably, I won't bother trying out the 3rd. I really wanted to these headphones to live up to the high expectations I developed after reading all the positive reviews but I guess I was unlucky and got a faulty product.
Great headphones. Great accessories. Great quality. Tighter and a tad less comfortable then my M40fs's, but still decently comfortable. Fits over ears nicely. (I have small ears). More suitable for DJ's with the over ear/closed back design and enhanced bass register. Probably wouldn't use for mixing or referencing though as these definitely enhance the low's and color the sound. My trusted ATH-M40fs's are still my favorite reference cans. Sony MDR's are awesome too. I was hoping these would be an upgrade but they are a different beast. Still good tho. My only gripe with Audio Technica cans is that the earphone cover and headpiece cover almost always degrade into a flaky mess..funny thing is without the plastic surface they're WAY more soft and nice. Nice heaphones just know they're bass heavy and not transparent in my opinion. (25+ years, producer, musician, engineer, DJ)
I was really disappointed with these out of the box. I got them to replace my Siberia V2s. The sound quality is superb, easily the best sounding headphones I have used, but they are very uncomfortable, especially compared to the Siberias which is like the gold standard of headphones comfort. The cables are also very bulky at the source end so they're really hard to plug into a phone.I made some modifications which made the headphones a lot more enjoyable.1. I removed the proprietary cord locking mechanism. It's really easy, just requires removing a few screws. You can find tutorials on youtube.2. I got a 2.5mm to 3.5mm adapter so I can use standard cables3. I replaced the earcushions with Brainwavs Replacement Memory Foam Earpads. These earpads are much bigger than the stock ones so they leave much more room for the ear. The stock cushions pushed up against my ear which was very uncomfortable.f4. I taped on a battery powered bluetooth adapter. This made a nice wireless conversion. When I want to use it wired, I just unplug the bluetooth adapter and let it dangle, and I plug in the new cable.They're still not as comfortable as the Siberias but they're a lot better than before.
I rarely do this, but i am amazed at the sound of this plastic device, because to start with they are horrible and they look cheap, but the sound, oh my god, its worth every visual pain, (anyhows they supposed to sound good not look good) for studio monitoring, even balanced sound, wide range and detailed nuances between frequencies. Please use a quality audio source .wav .flac with a decent sound card and bang! The whole show! Congratulations audio technica.
I returned them because I didn't think the sound quality lived up to its hype and it wasn't worth the money. These headphones are also pretty uncomfortable, and as a college student this is incredibly inconvenient because I can't  wear them for long study sessions at the library. I used my refund money to buy the  Beyerdynamic DT 770 Pro and have no regrets. Those headphones are much better and I would recommend them  as the best headphones under $200.
At first I was skeptical about getting these because I thought they wouldn't be good enough for the amount of bass based music I listen to but now I use them everyday. The earcups do make you sweat a bit and it irritates your ears after extended usage but the overall product is just phenomenal.
i can see why theses headphones get the credit they deserve i try theses on and for most part the almost as good and some noise canceling headphones i have had. I listening to these headphones more than my bose and senihieser so that is saying something for them. There are the best headphones in this price range for sure. I was suprise in how good these headphones are trust me if you buy theses you won't regret. Nobody can compare in these price range you won't fine anything better. Are they the best headphones i ever had had no but they are really close. I have beats by dre bose senihiesers all kinds
I'm not big into headphones and I don't know too much about all the choices out there and how they compare with these, but I know one thing for sure: I absolutely LOVE these things. The sound quality is so great, I've never used any headphones that come close to how nice these sound for the price. I use these for listening to music, watching movies/TV shows, gaming, and use them when playing guitar so I don't bother my housemates or neighbors. They just don't fail to impress me.BEATS COMPARISON: At one point I wanted to hop on the bandwagon and succumb to the Beats marketing machine like the millions of mindless drones out there and get a pair of Beats Studio headphones. Well... just get these. You'll be glad you did. There's not really any other way to suggest you get these over Beats other than to call you a fool if you go with Beats. I borrowed a pair of Beats Studio headphones from a friend, and they just felt like cheap pieces of plastic. Sorry Beats fans, compared to the M50x they sounded like garbage. They will never find their way back onto my head. Their only strong point, and this is being generous, is in the bass they offer. After listening to just about every genre I could think of, I was just not having a good experience with them. And they required batteries...? I don't want to pay to replace batteries all the time to power a little more bass, I already had that problem with my childhood Skull Candy headphones.Overall: These headphones are amazing, you will not be disappointed!
These headphones are the real deal, clear crisp sound that will have you hearing new details in old music. These will work with an iPhone or similar devices with a 3.5mm jack. As other reviews have stated, I do believe these headphones have a little bit of extra bass added. However, it is in no way obnoxious, it adds just enough bass so that songs will powerful bass (e.g. "Radioactive" by Imagine Dragons, "We will Rock You" by Queen, etc.) sound better than ever, but songs with more variety, like soundtracks or other instrumental pieces, sound undistorted and beautiful. Outside nose reduction is amazing; with music playing, you will not be able to hear a conversation. I imagine that it would work very well on a subway or plane. As to construction, they seem to be solid, they are all plastic save for a metal strip in the headband; however, this is not toy store plastic but very rugged and thick plastic that will last for a long time. The materials for the earpieces and headband are comfortable, sturdy and the coverings are constructed from imitation leather. It does come with three cords, two 3.5mm jacks and a larger 6.5mm jack. You insert the cord into the headphone by inserting the mark on the cord to the left of the mark on the headphone, and then turning the cord until the marks align. Having a removable cord is nice because it prevents damage to the headphones from a cord being accidentally pulled. Because these headphones are not cheap, I suggest a quality hardcase for them. I got this one, http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00LZ3VFW8?keywords=headphone%20case&qid;=1452646323&ref;_=sr_1_1&s;=musical-instruments&sr;=1-1 which fits the headphones perfectly. In short, I recommend these for any music lover of any genre, you really can't go wrong with these.
Delightful especially if you replace the ear foam with velour ones. Great imaging, flat sound that does not have the over zealous bass that many headphones have. Very accurate and non-fatiguing after prolonged use. Great in the studio or for critical listening. At this price there isn't another set of cans that I would prefer. Highly recommended.
These are the headphones you have been looking for.  Incredible crispness and clarity.  Tuned flat so you hear the "true" original sound.  Using an EQ program you can tweak them however you want.  I really can't praise these enough.  They are top notch in the quality dept., look great, are very comfortable, and have a choice of three detachable cords.  In this price range these are the #1 cans.I would buy them again.
As someone who doesn't usually spend this much money on headphones, when I saw these I knew I had to get them. While many audiophiles on the internet say that you can get even better headphones out there for a similar price as these, I'm not going to lie, you probably can, but NONE of them will look as good as these, which  embarrassingly I do care about. I've dropped these a few times, and they're still doing great so its safe to say these are pretty durable headphones. The sound you get out of them is amazing, in my opinion, and as someone who likes to listen to hip-hop and such, these have great bass.NOTE:Out of the box, the pleather ear pads these come with are just alright, making your ears sweat and just a little bit uncomfortable because of its shallowness. To fix this, you can either put cotton balls in the ear pads, or as I did, buy Duck Weatherstrip Seal at Walmart or something and put them in there. Not only does it make the headphones more comfortable as it pushes your ears away from the drivers, but for me, it fixes the sweat problem and also even boosts the bass up a little bit.
These are perfect (I DID say perfect) for any professional recording engineer or DJ who needs recording studio quality in a headphone. I'd even go as far as to say, if u didn't have your near field monitors around, these will work very well for you. This closed ear design is great and thisAudio-Technica ATH-M50xDG  model is designed for the person who wants to hear more of what was actually recorded and nothing extra, also the audiophile who wants headphones for chillin' out, because you will experience (at least, very close to) that flat response you're looking for your pro recordings or mixes.I would NOT recommend these for mastering. I'd recommend open-ear design in that case.
5/5 amazing headphones! I just received these M50x with the amp bundle. I first plugged it in without the amp to see how they work. They sounded amazing, very clear and flawless sound. I have had the experience of many headphones and these are by far the best pair I have ever experienced.I decided to plug in the mini headphone amp it I bundled it with....It was one of the greatest music experiences! The amp made the music sound unbelievable! High quality sound that flowed like a river of music through my ears giving me a flawless symphony of sounds. I did not want to stop the music, I am still listening now. You can increase the bass with the little amp and boy does it work!! Highly recommend the bundle! would by again
Excellent sound quality, nice and loud.  I listen to a lot of electronic music, and even during heavy dubstep songs these sound crystal clear with full-bodied bass, and distortion-free.  The headband and earpads are also comfortable for extended wear.  I'd recommend these headphones for anyone - they're overall excellent.
These headphones are absolutely awesome. Audio quality is the best I've ever experienced. Theyve got a bit of weight to em and feel like they're very well built. Pads are very soft. The sound stage is very "in your face". It's definitely not like sitting in a concert hall but more like sitting on stage with detailed clear sound of everything that's being played.They are a bit tight out of the box. So if you've got a big head I'd suggest to stretch em out. Also  when I first used them I felt like the bass was a bit overpowering but after putting over 45 hours through em it's toned down and feels alot more balanced.I love these headphones and while I got em on sale here at amazon for a crazy price I would gladly pay twice that.
Excellent build quality. Can wear comfortably for hours without any pain on my ears or head. Band adjusts which was great since I have a big head. Ears can get a bit sweaty after prolonged use. Came with multiple cables for different connections to amps and such. Came with a free amp when I bought it so that was a nice bonus.
These headphones are fantastic. I researched headphones for about a year before finally buying these. I am an audiophile and love music so I needed headphones that I could bring with me all the time and that sounded incredible. I found them. My roommates and friends have tried these and have been thoroughly impressed as well. I can't say enough about these. If you're looking for headphones go with these. You won't be disappointed. They sound so much clearer and better than the Beats and the Sonys. Great price too!!
I have had many headphones over the years.  Most, if not all, of them did not exceed the $200 mark.  And this is hands down the most accurate and enjoyable set of headphones I've ever purchased.  Clear, Accurate, comfortable. I am going to purchase a 2nd pair so I'll have one for home and one for the office.  I know that I would greatly appreciate the super high-end headsets, and I'm sure they're superior... in most cases.  But for the money, get these.
I used a pair of Bose AE2 headphones for several years and I was happy with them.  They were getting worn out though so I decided to do some research and find a nice replacement.  I visited several headphone and audiophile sites to see what was out there for what I wanted to spend and the ATH-M50X headphones were consistently lauded as some of the best (if not THE best) headphones in the $100-$200 price range.  Now I know why.  I wouldn't consider myself an audiophile but I am amazed at the sound these headphones provide.  The sound is clear and consistent from low to high and I am picking up subtle sounds in the background of movies and games that I never picked up on with my Bose headphones or my speakers.  Music sounds great and I am completely satisfied with this purchase.I will say that the Bose headphones are lighter and more comfortable but some of that I can attribute to having worn them for so long.  The ATH-M50X is not a good choice for listening on the go but if you plan to sit in a comfortable chair and watch a movie, listen to music, or play a game these are a great choice.The product comes with a nice bag for storage and three types of cords.  Both 3.5mm and 1/4" jacks are included - the larger jack is removable and can be used on all three cords.  I like that the cords can be removed from the headphones (e.g. if the cat chews through the cord it can be replaced).PROs: Amazing sound for the price, great for a variety of media, sturdy construction, nice extrasCONs: Not ideal for travel
The wire jack on these headphones protrudes so far that it rubs against your neck and shoulder when you move your head.  I looked into getting a right-angle adapter to help but the jack is a proprietary locking jack so you're stuck with it. I'm really surprised that nobody has mentioned this but it's a deal-breaker for me.
Excellent quality headphones and very sturdily built. If you have larger size ears, you may want to consider getting additional ear pads for them for your comfort. I have average size ears and mine fit mine but my significant other can't wear them very long because they become uncomfortable on his ears.
I am sorry to say that I was not impressed by these headphones. I wanted a pair of AT headphones ever since I was in high school. I watched countless reviews stating these were the best sounding headphones for $200 and under. I intended to use them daily as headphones at home for watching and listening to different forms of media (including audiobooks) and I found them to be no better than my apple headphones. I don't know if there is something I need to do to make them sound differently on my MacBook but I didn't bother to look into it because they should sound great without any effort on my part. I also found them to hurt after wearing for a short period of time (under an hour). I would recommend finding out if you can test them anywhere before making the purchase, then buying on here if you get a better price.
The headphones are great, but the cords do not wear well at all. I had one of the 3.5mm jacks plugged into my computer at all times, and it deteriorated enough in a year and a half that the right side of the headphones no longer receives input. There is also no easy way to open the jack to fix it myself
I am a court reporter.  So I need good headphones to listen to my audio when I review and edit my transcripts.  Sometimes hearing the smallest faints noises can make the biggest differences in the finished transcripts.  These are the best that I have ever used.  I can hear so much clearer with there headphones than other ones I have used.  They are also the most comfortable for long periods of listening.  During videotaped depositions I will take these headphones with me and plug them into the videographer's camera so that I know I can hear everything clearly.Do yourself a favor get these headphones.  You will not be disappointed.
After being dissatisfied with several other headphones of a similar price, I really wish that I had tried these sooner. If you're looking for great sound and comfort, these are the headphones for you.Sound quality is great. I listen to a lot of rock/electro music and I'm loving the sound that these cans are putting out. Bass is rich and present but not overpowering, highs are crisp and clean, all while keeping the mids crystal clear.Comfort is also a plus with these. I'm able to wear these for long periods of time (2-4 hrs) and not feel uncomfortable or fatigued.All around these are the best I've experienced so far in regards to sound quality and wearability.I highly recommend these to anyone looking for sub $200 headphones.
Pros:Near perfect.Love the color, love the sound, and love the spare audio cables.It really has a clear sound quality in both high and low volume levels.One thing to note is that most devices will not tap to the head phones full potential, so if possible use with a supplemental amplifier to tap to the device full potential.
I got these headphones to mainly use with my electronic keyboard, and they have been amazing.  Normally when I listen to music I get some sort of headphones that usually have an equalizer in them that tries to make the music sound slightly better, but these headphones don't have a built in equalizer, it is just straight high quality sound.Using these headphones with my electric keyboard is a great test because I can easily tell the individual sound quality of all ranges from the 7 octaves of the piano.  Both the lows and highs sound great with no muddy sounds of washed out sounds.  After testing the sound on my piano I decided to test it listening to music and I was just as pleased.  The sound quality is incredible and for the price of these headphones it is definitely worth it.The headphones come with 3 different cables which is also neat since I need to use a 1/4" cable to plug into my piano, but a 1/8" cable to connect to the audio jack of my music player.  Overall, I would definitely recommend this product to anyone.
I'm a very big fan of music. I studied music theory and composition. These headphones are very nice. Super comfortable. My only complaint is that the lows are not defined as much as they need to be. You get the nice treble but there is a massive lack in the lower end. If you're looking for a comfortable fit and good quality, id recommend these along with their other M50
Obviously I've been on YouTube before and just as anyone else I've heard about these headphones and while they do sound good I'm just not too impressed.  I've used them straight from my iPhone and from my Mac with an amp and dac and I'm just constantly trying to figure out what people are constantly praising them for.  They aren't really monitors even though they are generally balanced they are still bass heavy.  I know these are supposed to be what people buy instead of Beats but I just don't see any reason to buy them instead of Beats (besides price point) because while they sound better they aren't as perfect as people make them out to be.  If you are really buying headphones for Studio monitoring pick up the ATH-M70xs because they have a truly balanced sound.
This is an amazing pair of headphones. I had the M50's in the past, and the M50X's share the same quality of build and audio quality. The main difference is that in the M50X, they provide an option to swap out the cables with one of their 3 cables: short 3 feet, long 9 feet and a coiled cable. Give it a try, you'll love it!
These are great headphones. The only issue is the very small and uncomfortable ear cushions. If you have bigger ears be prepared to buy different ear pads. I gotBrainwavz HM5 Velor Memory Foam Replacements Earpads - Suitable For Many Other Branded Large Over The Ear Headphones - AKG, HifiMan, ATH, Philips, Fostexand they have much more ear space and very comfortable foam and material.
(I am using the ATH-50x with a Focusrite Scarlett 2i2 as the source)I use these for editing and gaming, they don't disappoint! Very clear, good amount of bass. I've lived off of a pair J55's for all of my editing, but this is going to replace that!Conclusion:Get them if you can!
I have owned a LOT of headphones over the years, and these are truly a pleasure.sound 9/10comfort 8/10 - they press on parts of the earCord 9/10 - its proprietary on one side, but DOES NOT come undone unless you want it tomobility 10/10 its so very light, and it folds exactly as its supposed to.
Haven't bought headphones in awhile and not the audio nut I used to be but I really like these.  Bought them for a digital piano I recently purchased and they work great.  Haven't tried them with my phone or i-pod yet but feel they will outperform my Klispch earbuds which I like a lot also.
Forget Seinheisser, Sony (Bluetooth style), Skullcandy, Monster, Bose, and especially those darn Beats! This is what SOUND is suppose to sound like. It picks up lows and highs. Jazz and pianos play so smooth. Techno music bangs out every zazz and you definitely can rock out as if your in the studio with the band listening to rock music.My husband and I have a background in music, video, and sound production. Either in the studio or out in the field. Both of us have keen ears and can pick up on things that people usually don't hear. What the Sony MDR 7560 don't pick up, this will. I brought him both depending what he is working on, you need to hear a different to e, pitch, no bass/bass, etc... The clarity of instruments and counting beats, ear comfort for long time use, longevity because you can lock in your cord and not step on it and yank it out when you step down out of your chair. It's genius! I want to buy me and my dad a pair as well!!! :-)Search no more. These are IT!! The blue and caramel is more beautiful in person and the caramel color is not too bright and still looks masculine.
I'm not a major audiophile but do know and appreciate the difference a good pair of cans will make for enjoying my music.  After intensive research I chose the M50x upon receiving a pair of tinny Bose that hurt my ears both inside and out.  Everything from any genre sounds clean, balanced, crisp, and excellent with these.  Volume changes nothing in quality and they are extremely comfortable for long sessions.No amp needed on these if it's the music you want to hear.  Mids, highs, lows, all outstanding.The removable, interchangeable cord lengths are a huge plus that came as a surprise to me.  Make no mistake, more money really won't get you a better experience.
Super excited about receiving these headphones only to find out that right side did not work!  I have just returned them.. After looking at the negative reviews I saw quite a few that had the same issue. In fact even in the Audio-Technica web site there are reports of the same problem (12-10-2015).  Some had the issue after a few months. I am not willing to buy another pair and have to worry that after a few months they will not work.  That is not a way to enjoy music! Quite disappointing to say the least.
I wear thick framed glasses and these are heaven. They cushion right over my frames. They don't seal sound in too well, but the audio quality overlooks that. I could care less if people can hear my music. These are crystal clear and I can hear each piece of music working in perfect harmony. I will probably stick with these babies for the rest of my life.
This was my first investment in a quality pair of headphones. I did my research before purchasing and decided that the ATH-M50X's were great entry-level headphones for quality sound. I was not disappointed. The sound is amazing compared to any other pair of headphones I've used. They are extremely comfortable and the build quality seems excellent. If you're looking for an entry-level pair of headphones, these are the ones for you. Kudos to Audio Technica.
I was looking for a good pair of noise cancelling Bluetooth headphones. I've had a pair of Sony mdr nc7, nc8 and nakamichi nc40 (which I really liked but broke at a joint). So when I tried the Bose quietcomfort 25 I was very impressed with their noise cancelling! But no Bluetooth. I tried Bose Bluetooth headphones and was very impressed with sound and comfort but no noise cancelling. I heard Bose was working on putting both together but no date was set.What to do? Then I came across some used Bose Quietcomfort 15 headphones at a price I couldn't say no to!Very very comfortable and I love there sound. Build is decent but I also don't throw my headphones around and they stay in the case when they are not being used. The case is thin and tallish, easy to put in a briefcase. They are big enough for extra batteries, cords, adapters.I like having a removable cable and these have them but they are proprietary which I hate. Another negative is no battery, no sound. I consider this a big negative. This was fixed with the 25s.But wait - no Bluetooth!I was so impressed with the sound, the comfort and the price I just said, oh well. Then I discovered the BTunes Bluetooth headphone adapter. Works great. I'm all set now.I really enjoy these headphones. The sound is great, nicely balanced. The noise cancellation is the best available. Not the science fiction cone of silence but significantly lowers background noise mostly in the low range.I highly recommend these headphones. If they are close in price to the 25s I would get those headphones instead.
I got a pair of ANC7s, ANC9s, and Bose QC15s to compare. In my opinion the ANC7 is the best choice, and the cheapest too.The ANC9s are definitely more comfortable than the ANC7s, but in every other respect I like the ANC7s more. I found the ANC9s were not silent; there was a noticeable hiss when they were but no music was playing. In addition I found that the three modes that the ANC9 has did not make any discernible difference, so I prefer the simplicity of the ANC7s.I struggled at first to get the battery in the ANC9s. IMO they have a poorly designed battery holder which could get lost as it pulls out completely from the headphones; the ANC7 have a simpler and IMO better design where the headphone is simply rotated to expose the battery.I work in an open plan office with a fairly loud air conditioning system. When I turn the ANC7s on I get silence, unless someone is talking. Conversation is muted. The air conditioner noise is eliminated. What amazes me is when I take them off and I realize just how much noise the AC makes; you don't really get it because its a mostly white noise but it really is pretty loud. I can wear them for hours with no problem; I wouldn't say there is no discomfort (ANC9s win there) but they are better than most other headphones I have tried. In contrast, as I say, then ANC9s are *not* silent; they hiss, which is really annoying. I didn't feel the ANC9s were any better at noise cancellation than the ANC7s (the 9's are supposed to be 95% effective vs 90% for the 7's).The ANC9s seemed to have a slightly bigger and heavier case than the 7's, and are themselves heavier.I did not get to use the inline mic and volume controls of the ANC9s, which is a feature the 7's do not have. However, this is really just a feature of the cable, not the headphones; you could buy a third party cable for the 7's to enable the same feature.I also had a pair of Bose QC15s for a few days to try. They were even more comfortable (physically) than the ATs but of course quite a bit more expensive. They also didn't work for music unless turned on; the ATs do (but with some degradation in sound quality). The Bose headphones seemed flimsier. But the main problem with the Bose's is that they made my ears feel like they were suffering from a serious pressure equalization problem. Possibly a remnant from scuba diving days but my ears can be sensitive to this; I couldn't wear the Bose headphones for more than a few minutes without starting to feel pretty awful. I kept trying to equalize by pinching my nose and sucking/blowing but it didn't help; these suckers hurt and give me nausea.So in summary, very happy with the ANC7s - for the price these are fantastic. The ANC9s would be my second choice. The Bose are great if your ears can handle them (I can't) and if you don't mind running on battery all the time.
Hello!I review this because I wanted to inform other users about the scope of the "noise-cancellation".NOISE CANCELLATIONHonestly, the noise cancellation doesn't justify the price for me.It will never cancel out people talking (high frequencies, low frequencies, people snoring). I haven't found any situation where it does that. What it does though is cancelling the ambient noise, making you feel like underwater, with still some crisp white noise coming to your ears, which I found to be discomforting.CASE, HOLDAnd sadly, nothing else justifies the price. The case, hold and feel are not particularly good.SOUNDEspecially the sound is just light-years away from the satisfaction you get from a Sennheiser.BATTERIESI actually thought they broke, which would have been good news, but it was just the AAA that had worn off. After 2 months of "non-use" (and before I had used them for 2 hours maybe).Sadly, just changing batteries did the trick. But this points out how you just cannot use those headphones without batteries, and how they run out of juice rather fast. Of course, I was not handling the headphones well by forgetting the batteries in them.I would love to have my money back for this, but as I won't, I could maybe tell you not to buy them. If they cost 150$ less, maybe.Friendly greetings,Lionel
I've had these for just over a year and a half now and use them daily, and when I say daily, I mean at the very least once but on avg. 2-3 times for an hour or so. They are fantastic! I highly recommend buying them from Costco if you feel that they might fall apart like some other reviewers have said/shown. I personally have not had a single problem other than replacing batteries due to excessive use. ; )I'm no audio junkie, I couldn't tell you the exact Hrz that the bass feels like it's hitting at or the exact amount of OHMs. But what I can tell you is that I'm pretty picky about headphones and their quality of sound. If you only listen to music and nothing else, these are still good for you, but yes there are better. If you're like me and do a lot of everything, music, movies, tv, phone etc then these are really good all around headphones.PROS: Excellent sound quality, rich full bass, extremely comfortable over my ears, easy to use, nice case to carry it in, well madeCONS: Some wind noise interference from strong winds.
Buyer beware! After the fact they tell you at each use to take out the batteries.Only used about 2 hours,  I left battery in for few weeks and  attempted to turn it on, it would not turn on. So over the pone when I called about it they said that probably due to battery being left in it was not working!  VERY disappointed in the poor  low quality!!.I WILL  Never buy Bose again. ASK before you buy, what issues they have then might tell you!That was my 3rd one, the others had similar issues....very little use & they did not last. They want you to keep trading it in to buy yet another one. Better off renting one for the constant cost.
I've been using these for many months at work to focus in a noisy environment.  They cancel noise out much less significantly than I had expected.  They seem to be made to cancel out white noise from airplanes vs. insert white noise to cancel out nearby conversations.  The sound quality for music is very good.  I've already had to replace the cord used for iPhone's that includes a microphone; my mic stopped working.  It's been an expensive experience.
I have owned these since 2011.  Before you read another review, this is what you want to know.  Are these noise canceling, yes.  If someone next to me is talking while I am wearing these, will I hear them, yes.  How is the music quality, wonderful for you novice and intermidate audiophile.  How durable are these head phones, don't drop them, don't bang them around, don't immerse them in water.  I have treated these like these were super valuable and they have lasted 3 years of college abuse.  If you want the best ( yes I said it) passive noise canceling headphones, buy these.  The only other substitute is in-ear plugs with over ear hearing protection. Clean these with a soft cloth everyonce in awhile, if you feel your ears getting sweaty then take the headphones off and take a break.  The only issue I have ever had is if I don't them off for 15 or 30 seconds once every 30 to 45 minuets I will here a very slight different noise canceling sound ( which is clearly distinguishable when you been listening to the same noise).
The noise cancelling would be ok but the plastic bow is a nightmare. It's hollow inside and only about 1 mm wall thickness. It broke on the turning point without having done something special after 1 year. Can't recommend this product to nobody. Take a model with a better casing or you too will be sorry.
1) The too long connecing cable anchores itself to passrbys and whatever happens in its reach. Too bad it doesnt have a version for men who prefer to have their phones in their pockts and dont need a meter-long leash.  2) One of the  ear cushions came off and right now I have to pay to Amazon to buy a pair just because Bose did not make cushions with some retaining mechanism to stay secure on the ear piece.  3) The overhead yoke is just too big and though my head is quite big (Einstein's kind of head) it still leaves a huge gap/loop between the yoke and my  temples that a a small bird can get in and out without my knowing. What can't Bose make headphone yoke more telescopic to avoid the unwanted space?
I have been using the QC 15 for over 2 years, buy only periodically.  Sometimes at work the noise level gets too much, so I use them to listen to streaming music.  I can still hear the guy next to me, even with the music cranked so loud that it hurts, and he doesn't talk abnormally loud.  The NR isn't as good as advertised.Also, after minimal usage the foam inserts have started to deteriorate, and don't stay attached; they fall out every time I remove the headset.I think they are way overpriced for the cheap quality of the product.
I have had these for about two years now and they have really come in handy for myself and my wife.  They really do cancel out most background noise.  Great for long plane trips, vacuuming the floor, putting the other person's TV show off your radar as you browse the web, etc.  Pretty conspicuous for use in public places but when you have to have a break from what is happening with sound around you, these headphones work.  Sound quality for music is fine, as expected from Bose.
I got my QC almost 7 years ago and it still works like a charm. I use it almost every day. I use it at work, on planes, for leisure, etc. I've scratched it up and abused it to no end, but it still works like it was fresh out of the box. I love the detachable wire. I bent my first one accidentally but got it replace easily.I'd gladly pay double for something this high quality. I hope the new edition lives up to this ones reputation.
The only reason this product doesn't get five stars from me is the absolute arrogance at putting business cards in the headphone case for me to pass out to other people...are you kidding me! Arrogance beyond belief. How about offering a discount to do that? The product is great though.
These lasted me a solid 3 years of very heavy use. Physically, they look fabulous. Now they are slowly breaking. The left ear always emits static sounds, and the right ear sometimes does not work.Despite this, the headphones were fantastic! They have spoiled me in sound quality. I do not regret getting them!
As a college student who spends a lot of time studying, I was looking for a comfortable, well-functioning, and durable pair of noise reduction headphones that would not skimp on sound quality or break the bank. After trying several other brands, I bought the Bose QuietComfort 15 Acoustic Noise Cancelling headphones. I have now owned the QuietComfort 15 for over a year and have been very impressed with the comfort, noise reduction quality, and durability that these headphones have.One of the most important qualities of a good pair of headphones is comfort; two crucial components of comfort are padding and breathability. The Bose QuietComfort 15 headphones have padded leather ear cushions and a padded leather headset that together make the headphones very comfortable to wear and helps create a seal from outside noise; however, it does make wearing the headset for more than an hour at a time hard because the lack of air flow makes your ears hot and sweaty. This easily can be avoided though by simply taking the headphones off every hour to let them air out.Another important category is how well the noise cancelling functions. With just the noise cancelling feature on, most of the outside noise is cut out with only some sounds penetrating in. If light music is played in addition to the noise cancelling feature, almost all of the outside noise disappears. In addition, many noise reduction headphones produce poor quality sound but that is not the case with the Bose QuietComfort 15; both the sound quality and the noise reduction capacity are exceptional. Being a college student who often studies in loud areas, I could not imagine studying without them.One last category to consider is durability. Although the headphones are reasonably priced, they still are an investment and before buying them it is smart to make sure they will be able to withstand everyday use. The headphones are made of a thick plastic that creates great support but is also lightweight enough to not be a pain to wear. The earpiece joints are well braced and the leather is of high quality so that tears are unlikely. They come with a carrying case to help prevent damage when they are not in use and have a one year warranty to protect against malfunctions. I have used the headphones for several hours every day and they have not started to show any wear at all, resulting in me being greatly pleased with how well they have held up.Overall, the Bose QuietComfort 15 Acoustic Noise Reduction headphones deserve a 5 out 5 star rating for its premium comfort, exceptional noise cancelling functionality, and reliable durability. If you are looking for a great noise reduction headphone, I highly recommend giving these a try.
I will acknowledge most of my disappointment may be due to ignorance of the product.  I was desperate for headphones that would keep out sound, to protect me from the rude people at work.  I guess I did not research well-enough what "noise cancelling" means.  When I got them and put them on, I could still hear everything around me, but the sound had a different quality.  Due to laziness, I did not return in time so I had to keep them, and have made them work, by plugging in to computer and playing Pink noise.  At a high enough level all the idiots around me are drowned out.  But I would much rather have silence than static.  $2.99 safety earplugs work great to drown out all co-worker rudeness, and you can move around your workstation instead of being tethered to the CPU by these Bose headphones, but the safety earplugs are very painful.  Life sucks.
3 pair of Bose so far in the family, very happy with them, I'm no Audiophile, but I think they sound great, and for the reason I buy them, mainly for taking me away from the planes I'm on, they are Perfect!!Update, just bought a 3rd pair of the QC15's, in my mind their the best noise reduction for me, but like I said I am no Audiophile, I'm sure there's people who would disagree with me. I just love the affect they have on my time on the plane, we even just got my 76 year old Mother a pair, and she just loved them!!
This is the first bose product I bought.  It broke within a year.  Not being a very smart man, I purchased 2 more bose products and they similarly failed within a year.  So how did this one kick the bucket?  Well it turns out most bose products are held together by superglue, tape, and wishful thinking.  This thing took a fall from my standing desk once, and the plastic part that swivels snapped apart.  This is unsurprising because there is a very tiny amount of surface area for the component that attaches the speaker to the rest of the headset.  Add the fact that the component can turn and swivel, and you've got a bomb waiting to explode.  I wouldn't recommend buying a bose product unless you are willing to apply superglue to fix it after it breaks.  For this product specifically, you might choose to superglue it to your head instead, to minimize stress on the moving parts.
The left ear pad broke within a month of purchase. I generally take very good care and do not handle my electronics (or any goods) disagreeably. My neighbors upstairs are very noisy folks, and i invested a lot in this headset. Was really low when the ear pad fell apart. Other than that, it user-experience has been average. I am only continuing to use it since i spent so much on it.
Fantastic noise-canceling technology, and great sound - it's the durability that's the issue. I am a frequent, frequent traveler - and I use them a LOT. I don't particularly think I sweat much and I know I haven't gotten them wet - but the ear cups basically disintegrated (the black leather) after about 2 years of use, and kept leaving black rings around my ears/on my face - then, both black ear pad cups started just "falling out" of the ear cup holders, and wouldn't stay in - almost like they "shrunk".  One expects better durability & quality for this type of cost!
Not good noise cancellation.  Perhaps they are just "OK" for high frequency noise.  However, for other noises, i,e, voice conversions, music (at normal volume levels) Bose QC-15 does not meet my expectations at all - very poor in my opinion.  For benefits received, I believe the unit is way over priced and over hiped.  My experience was very poor and I am returning the product for a refund.
I purchased this headset August 2014.  I have used this headset on 5 - 10 flights.  I purchased this item for plane travel only, this headset is only used for that purpose.  They work very well, the only drawback you cannot listen to any audio when the unit is turned off, other than that I am very pleased. I gave this item a 4 star rating, would have given a 5 star rating; however, the unit does not provide any audio when turned-off.  I believe the replacement headset does offer the ability to listen to music when the noise cancelling feature is turned off.  Other than that I am very pleased with what I got.  When not in use this headset is stored in it's case with the battery removed.I will state before I purchased this headset I read the reviews about the headset falling apart; after limited use I have not experienced this issue/ problem.
These headphones are great. The noise-cancelling is awesome. I can still hear someone talk, but I cannot hear the fans on my tower system. Great for focusing on coding. At first, I regretted not getting the wireless version, but now I think I made the right choice, as wireless has issues of its own. This unit lasts about a week or so on a single AAA-battery, and let's you know the battery's dead with a sort of "popping" sound. Just keep a package of fresh batteries near your desk & you'll be fine.
These really block out the sound.  If the person next to you is talking really loud it still gets through, but significatly diminished.  Almost all the background noise is drowned out. Very comfortable, use it almost everyday and have to change the battery every 2 or 3 months.Have not tried the iphone cable yet.  AS far as sound quality not bad, could use some more bass.
I ordered these for my boyfriend, and a pair of Audiotecnica noise-cancelling headphones (a travel model that folds up) for myself. These ones are far more comfortable, and seem to cover more of the ear and keep out other sounds much better, both of which are important on long flights. The other pair fits better in my bag, but if you're not backpacking, these are the better investment.
The headphones themsleves and the case are fine, however they sent me an off-brand knock off audio cord to go with them, so they are practically unusable. They don't work at all really with any device using the audio cord it came with, however when I tried them with a friend's BOSE audio cord (which is what these should have come with) they worked fine. Pretty dissapointing. Looking to get a refund.
It is almost 3 years I use this headset most of the days. The are very good quality in terms of audio, yet the plastics around the headphones itself started to detach after few months. I always placed that in the original case and never exposed to direct sun or heat, neither other mechanical stress... Bose should fix the plastic issues in the ear areas.
These are a traveler's dream. I have owned my pair for over a year. And while the price was quite steep, I would buy them again in a heartbeat. These things have made long-haul flights bearable. I use mine both during travel and daily while working. They don't cancel all the noise but cut a substantial amount of it.
lots of products out there but this is superb.  I have hyperacusis which makes me super sensitive to noise---this is a life saver on planes, in noisy restaurants, big open spaces like COSTCO or areas with background music.  I can hear well when wearing them but it knocks the irritating noise level down to a tolerable level----pure heaven!!!  Also have the new travel earbuds version and never leave home without them.  Worth the price---quality is outstanding.
I use it on planes, road trips and sometimes to sleep. The battery should last about 14 hours.  Comfortable for extend use.  Carrying case is nice.  The audio cables seem a little fragile but are still chugging along.  Removes just about all loud/constant noises such as rumbling or whines of engines while leaving voices slightly muffled but still perfectly audible.  Wish it could silence crying kids on planes but I switch to regular earplugs for that.
Amazing sound. Fantastic noise cancelling, yet able to hear people speaking with me.I use mine in the gym all the time. The only 'flaw' that I can find is that they can be a bit on the bulkier side. When I am laying down on a bench, I have to make sure that they are secure to my head or else they can slip off.Use them in the gym ,on planes, or when working and I want quiet.Steep price, but worth it-they work!
The noise cancelling ability of these headphones is simply unmatched, and I've tried many brands. However, the audio quality of these is positively mediocre, and I'm not an audiophile. I'm regularly deflated by it, but I use them regularly to demo quiet sounds on a noisy show floor and it excels at that specific use case so I'm still thankful for them.It'd be 5 stars if they did two things. 1) Improve the sound quality. 2) Allow audio pass-through if the batteries go out (currently you get no audio).And guess what! Those two things are solved with the QuietComfort 25 model, which I now also use for demoing. It's truly incredible what they've done. I would highly recommend getting the 25s over the 15s. It's easily worth an extra $50.
Fantastic Headphones, probably the best I have ever had the pleasure of wrapping my head with! I wish the cord was a more durable rubber flex one like the sennheiser pc350, but it is a replaceable cors, so I can't complain!The only complaint I have is that the price went $20 cheaper shortly after I purchased it... always seems to be my luck when buying tech...still.. awesome condition and sound!
The QC15 are awesome. Over there ear comfort. While Bose is expensive, well worth it. They are clear and once you turn them on and play music quietly you can barely hear anything that is going on around you. Definitely good for flying BUT you must be playing something for it to work well.
If I could give this 10 stars I would. Extremely comfortable - fits over the ear, not on it. The noise cancelling feature is heavenly when one is on a plane. Should have done this years ago. Very lightweight and not bulky enough to be a problem on a plane. Batteries last for numerous flights.
These would have saved my ears... I now have a ringing in them because of my frequent travel, and cranking up the volume to listen to pod casts. Hear that folks!?!? DO NOT LISTEN TO PODCAST ON A PLANE without noise cancelling headphones. I leave them on my head for the whole flight now, even if they are unplugged.
Love these, so much that I bought a pair for both my wife and me. We use them every time we fly. Sure does help with screaming babies, gossiping neighbors, and overall is great for being able to enjoy my music more. Best of all, jet lag seems to be a thing of the past.
These Bose headphones are superb... especially for traveling and for those who work in a noisy office environment.  I bought my first pair in 2005 and they still work great and only the padding around the ear shows any wear and tear... I still use them everyday and only bought this pair as a gift.  I had tried several other noise cancelling headphones before shelling out the $$$ for the Bose and the quality/comfort just don't compare.
I usually like to have a product for a while before reviewing in order to not be swayed by the "honeymoon phase". I own a pair of V-Modas and Koss PortaPros but was inclined to get these to drown out the resident blowhard at work who also happens to be a former opera singer. Once I realized none of the headphones I had was going to drown out her incessant yapping, I got these. Best "peace of mind" purchase I've made in years.One of my biggest concerns with headphones is weight. These are light enough to wear all day long without any kind of head or ear fatigue/soreness. The sound is incredible, as expected...when playing songs, I hear instruments that I never heard while wearing my other headphones. The "whoosh" you hear when you turn them on is as psychologically comforting to me as the actual music that gets played through them; that lets me know that everything else around me has been shut out and I can focus on my work.I have one major complaint about these which I think is worthy of deducting a star (or at the very least a half star)...there is no auto shutoff. So if you turn them on and leave them on overnight, be prepared to replace the battery the next morning. I would think with all of the modern technology we have there would be some way to shut them off if there's no signal coming from a source. My thinking is that if you can add volume control for Apple/iPod users, you can add functionality to cut these off after 5 or 10 minutes of no signal.So, in summary:PROS:+ Incredible sound+ Well packaged (carrying case is low profile and offers pretty good protection)+ Does a very good job of minimizing background sound+ Comes with all the fixings (extra cord, airplane headphone adapter, etc.)CONS:- No auto shutoff- Eats through batteries- Clicking sound when battery runs down is annoying (minor)
Fantastic noise cancelling capabilities.  Any constant noise is eliminated.  Voices not as much, but turn on some music and you're in your own world.  I can't compare against any competitors since I haven't tried them, but the reviews when I bough this indicated it had the best noise-cancelling qualities.  I occasionally forget to turn off the switch and it runs through a battery, so I recommend getting some eneloop batteries and a lacross bc700 charger, so you don't feel like you're wasting money on batteries.
Expensive, but effective.  I haven't found a better set.  Cancels most background noise.  It won't save you from someone shouting nearby.  The plug wears out fast, but is detachable and therefore replaceable.  I go through about 1 AAA battery a month.  I can't leave it on for extended periods because even when it isn't playing it is canceling noise.  I end up with a pressure headache.  Sound quality is very good.
I purchased the Bose QuietComfort 15 to replace a three year old pair of Audio Technica ANTH-A7s. My first impressions of the Bose QC15 were that the build quality was sub par for a nearly $300 pair of headphones. They feel very weak and use cheap plastic where the earcups swivel. The case came with a business card slot that was full of Bose business cards, not sure what that was about, as if I was going to hand them out. The sound quality was good, however and far exceeded by Audio Technicas in that area. The noise cancelling was a mixed bag. It was far superior to both the Audio Technicas and a pair of Sennheiser 450 I tried. However, the noise cancelling made me feel nauseous. Every time I turned it on I immediately felt "pressure" on my ears and felt extremely dizzy. Not sure if it was a defect or if I was sensitive to the frequency they use for the noise cancelling. In either case I returned the QC15 and despite the dizziness I would not recommend these headphones due to the cheap build quality. They do sound good, but I tried a pair of the Parrot Zik's (1st Edition) and love them. They have Bluetooth, auto on and off, and superior sound quality to the Bose and are currently on sale for $299.
its pricey and doesnt really look all that expensive but it does work quite well in airplanes or to cancel out the freezer or a/c. the sound is quite good and it is comfortable to wear. you need a battery though, also the case is a little big for carry on luggage.
These headphones are a lifesaver while travelling, especially for the family member who is has hearing difficulties. The last time we took a long flight, a family member couldn't watch a movie because he couldn't hear the dialogue over the plane engines. The noise cancelling headphones block out everything else, so he can hear the movie, or just wear them while trying to sleep. They are definitely worth the investment!
I had doubt before I purchase it, but I am now convinced it is one of the best noise cancelling phones to use on flight. I did not write this review until I lost mine on a flight several months ago. It reminds me how much I miss it, so I wrote the review.  Aside from the noise canceling future, the sound is okay.I also have a pair of Harman Kardon NC Premium. It is not on par in terms of the noise canceling compared to Bose and Bose is also lighter to wear during long flights. One thing I like HK better is that it does not require battery for listening to music, but Bose 15 requires to be powered.  You can always carry extra AAA batteries in the case in that case.If you are looking primarily for the noise canceling feature, look no further. Bose has it.
one of the reasons I got this was for the AAA battery use.  I can carry spares and change them as needed.  no need to open the unit or send it back a year or two later.  I hate built-in perma-batteries!  this one uses regular old AAA and the LSD batteries (low self discharge, eneloop style) work great with this.  the battery hinge does worry me a bit as I can see it wearing out and breaking some time.  I've read that bose does not sell a replacement for the battery door, so be careful with it!  that's the one major weakness on this.  one minor complaint I have is that the volume level can't be changed once you insert the jack adapter in the phones body.  you have to remove it to change the hi/low volume switch.  that was a strange design decision!  the fit is fine, though, and I'm able to wear it for hours before needing to take them off.  sound is ok (not high end but not low end, either).  sound cancellation is good.  not best-in-class but still very good and quite beneficial.
I can't recommend these headphones: They pick up a TON of interference. I can't use them in some environments because my music will be interrupted by the clicking and buzzing. They also chew through batteries like no other. Leave them on overnight and they'll be near dead by morning. Oh, and the cord is awful short.When they do work as intended, it's pretty blissful. Comfy fit, static is canceled out. The cancellation felt a bit weird to my ears at first, but I got used to it quickly.
Let me preface this critique by saying that I love these earbuds. That being said, after almost a year of owning this product I have found their durability is not as strong as you might think, since the product is "Built heavy-duty to stand up to your active life."Comparing these earbuds to several other brands that I've spent time with such as the regular apple pods, JayBird, SkullCandy and Sony:The Bose Freestyle Earbuds have the BEST fit, the only pair of earbuds I have EVER owned that stay in, without fail, for the entirety of every workout. To me, this is paramount, more important than style, comfort, and even sound quality.However, there's no real compromise because compared to most other sports-fitness brands (sony and skullcandy's in particular) I find the Bose has a noticeably better sound quality, clearer mediums and the bass doesn't sound overpowered like in the sony's.Compared to the JayBird X (which is the earbuds I switched from) there is a catch-22. The JayBirds, being wireless, are more convenient and (in my opinion) more comfortable HOWEVER the Bose stays in your ear and maintains a seal much more effectively throughout a workout. On top of that, I find that the Bose let's in just the right amount of ambient noise so that I can wear them while on a road and still maintain control of my surroundings. And on the note of sound, I think the Bose and JayBirds have a pretty comparable sound quality, with JayBirds having an edge maybe a little bit when the seal is perfect (but I favor the consistency of Bose).There is one downside I'd like to touch upon; when I bought these earbuds, I took notice in the advert of "Built heavy-duty to stand up to your active life." Since buying them, I've been using them at-least twice a day for workouts, everyday and then throughout the day while I'm at work. I get a lot of use out of them, but have always been careful with them. I have a waterproof case that I carry them in when not in use, I don't use them near water, and dry them off after workouts. My pair still sound great but the microphone and function buttons have space between them, which I believe sweat unavoidably gets into. This has caused my microphone and button "pod" to stop working. They are no longer able to change songs, adjust volume, or speak into. This, of course, is not earth-shattering but for the amount of money I paid ($125 at the time) I would have hoped for a more durably designed and appropriately marketed product.
6 months after buying these, the wires near the headphones jack broke, and I had to "wiggle it just right" in order to hear anything. A few weeks later, no sound at all. I went to a Bose retailer, and they told me the product I received wasn't even a genuine Bose product, as the serial number in the product was not printed in the way the company officially prints their serial numbers. This product is all scam. Do not buy, or you will likely regret it.
These are so much better than all the other brands on the market. I do have an older pair, thought I lost them was so upset. Bought another leading brand and hated them. So, I had to have another Bose set so ordered the new model and these are even better than the old set. Love them, week later found the old set...YEA !
I've listened to the older model of these headphones and was blown away. However, the set of headphones I received did not perform like a normal Bose product. I have other Bose headphones and Bose speakers and feel that these don't come close to what I was expecting. I'm not sure if Bose as a company just made lower quality headphones or if Amazon is selling 2nd tier products. At this point, I ended up putting these away, seeing as how my standard apple headphones beat the Soundtrue headphones in terms of quality. Absolutely not worth the $80.
After my wife had a pair for over a year, I thought I'd give them a try.  They are THE BEST ear phones I have ever had!  The price is easily off set by their longevity (my wife is coming up on the end of year 2 with hers); the wires don't tangle (a real plus)
Only lasted me a week. Every time I'm not using it I put it on it's case. After a week, I started to hear small crackles on the left earbud, then the next day, the crackle is louder and annoying and I couldn't take it anymore. The quality is good but it's so fragile. Not worth the price.And honestly, the sound is good because it has good bass. But overall, it makes my music and audio in games become kind of "muffled". The sound quality is not balanced. It has good bass but in return, it lowers the other components.Regret buying this.
Amazing sound for an in ear pair of headphones.  The bass and treble are at a perfect mix and the buds are extremely comfortable for extended listening.  This is absolutely the best pair of in ear headphones I've ever owned.  Would buy them again in a heartbeat.  Worth every penny.
This is my fourth pair of Bose earphones. I looooooove music and the sound quality is what you'd expect from this brand. The earphones stay in my ear when I'm working out (treadmill, weights, circuit, spinning) or just enjoying my music. They come with a case and 3 ear pieces in S, M or L.
The ear tips do not fit in nicely, though they help to keep the headphones in place. I have tried all sizes and none could sit in my ear canal more than half-hour. This results in poor sound delivery as they leave pretty large gap between my ears and the tips. I only use this for exercises but traveling. With the same cost I believe I could get much better product. I expected much more from Bose.
These are the best in-ear headphones that I have ever owned. The build quality is superb and the HearStay tips are excellent. I use these headphones with my iPhone 6 Plus, Play Station 4 controller, and various computers and these work absolutely flawlessly. The sound quality is amazing.The box comes with 3 HearStay tips (S, M, L) along with a carrying pouch and a clip. After almost 1.5 years of use, I have seen barely any damage to the tips, headphones, or the wires. The rubber at the bottom of the headphones is starting to disintegrate as shown in picture attached. I also use these headphones when I exercise and run. The headphones stay in my ear and never require any adjustment to keep them there. The HearStay tips do require some cleaning as lint, tiny hair, or earwax may get stuck in them. But cleaning the tips is very easy, just pop off the tips and use a cotton swab or just compressed air to clean the tips and the metal mesh on the headphones. I am very happy with these headphones.
The SoundTrue's have a rich, full sound without being too heavy on the bass. They are heavier in the low frequencies than SoundSport Ultra's, though. I had bought a pair of SS Ultra's first but upon listening to them I found the sound to be too thin and emphasizing on the mid's and high's. I use the SoundTrue's to listen to the low freq's so I can transcribe a song's bass line. I am very happy with these in-ear headphones. After returning the Ultra's Amazon refunded my original purchase.
These are my new favorite  ear phones. I have purchased so many $100-$200 over the years. What I hate about most of them is that they require you to tightly fit the ear phones into your hears and create a tight seal in order to hear them at their fullest. This tight seal causes a few problems for me. 1) after about 30 minutes, they're irritating and start to hurt; 2) every time the cord rubs on your shirt, you hear it loudly in the ear phones; and 3) you can't hear anything going on around you. So if you're walking down the street, you're completely cut off from surrounding sounds.So a friend of mine suggested that I try these Bose ear phones and he was dead on. They don't require a tight seal but still produce great sound with deep and rich bass. I can wear them for long periods and they never hurt my ears. And since they don't require a tight seal, you can hear what's going on around you.
These are quality headphones.  The in-ear molds definitely prevent the headphones from slipping.  They also ensure that the sound is directed properly in the ear.  I wish the bass on the earphones was better.  They do provide very good sound compared to other in-ear headphones and are worth the buy.
I bought these to replace my beats in ear headphones and I am soooo happy. I have always used Bose headphones in the past but received a beats headphones from my husband so I used them. I hated the beats headphones because the music quality was poor. After the beats headphones stopped working, I went back to Bose. You can hear the difference! The base is more prominent and the voice is crisper. Not to mention, the Bose in ear actually stays in your ear. I use it to go to the gym and run on the treadmill and it never comes off. I highly recommend this product. I am truly satisfied in every way.
Bought these for my travels and haven't been disappointed. I know they aren't noise cancelling, but I do wish that they would block a little more outside noise. Overall great headphones but both travel and exercise. The ear piece makes it great for exercising and they don't move around in your ear at all once you find the right size for your ear.
Initially I loved these headphones. I've had them for almost 6 months. They have discolored. This is why my 5 star rating went to a 3. I love the sound and loved the color but the discoloration bothers me and I wonder if they are counterfeit and I got taken. Doesn't seem like Bose quality.
I was a little skeptical on how they would fit, but was pleasantly surprised that they stay in place well. They have been comfortable the entire time I have worn them, even for long periods of time or while exercising. Sound quality is great in my opinion as well, very high clarity and rich.
Sound quality is great, but I do have to knock the product because I don't think these headphones will last very long. The wired connections at the earbud are too thin, so I think they will break here eventually. hopefully I am wrong! Everything else is great, although the cord is pretty short.
These are excellent headphones.I've used them every single day last year. The isolate sounds extremely well. Great to work out or even just walk around in. I've worked out plenty of times in these headphones and they produce great sound. I usually play basketball and these stay in your ear as you run, dribble, shoot, and drive. The quality of the phones have not seem to have worn down.Almost 2 years later, these perform as good as they did when I first got them.
I got those on October 10th and was very happy for 2 months of light using ( once or twice a week when I went for bike ride).This month which is December, I noticed that my right headphone is not working often.It must be the connection because when I move around the cable it catches sometimes.So really? I spend almost $80 for Bose brand that works 2 months???? Terrible!!! I'm very disappointed at this point since I really thought they will last a while!!!!
I bought these awhile back from BestBuy because I wanted some kind of extended warranty with them, I have a history of catching earbuds on my knee when I bend down and they end up getting ripped out of my ear. I have done this several times with these and they have shown no signs of weakness. These are very sturdy earbuds, They sound great and look good. The fit of the Medium inserts fit perfectly and they are very comfy for long time wear.
Just got these this week.  They certainly look pretty cool but when I started using them I realized they didn't offer much protection at all.  My knuckles were cut up and red after just the first use.  Second time used I taped up my knuckles and fingers which helped a bit but made it hard to take the gloves off and on.
These in ear headphones did not last me 5 months before failing.  Functions started to fail after four months. Poor microphone. Could never use it much for calls.First the buttons, failed, then no sound on one side by the 5th month!  When I went back to my Apple headset at start of buttons failing, I realize the quality was not much different.  Originally, I was blown away by the sound when I first put them on, but I guess the sound quality degraded as well.Hate to bash Bose as I love their products and own a Soundlink 3 that I love and people admire.These In ear headphones., I do not recommend.  Do not live up to the long lasting quality I expect for Bose.  Money wasted. Very frustrating.
For the price I expected good sound... and that's not what you get... the only reason why I put 2 stars instead of one is that they're quite comfortable to wear for an extended period of time...So if you need some earbuds while you idly use your laptop... it's ok... if you plan on listening to music, don't buy them.
Not sure if my ear canal is oddly shaped or what, but if I push these suckers further in, they sound much better, but they don't stay in.  But all in all, they sound pretty good and stay in doing tasks around the house and yard.  They do come with 3 sizes of tips, but none seem to fit my ear 100%, but they're also 100% better than the Apple earbuds.
I was furious when my wife bought the set of ear phones which I can get for free when I buy Samsung phones.and, I could buy earphones at 7 dollars!but, after a few reluctant uses, I knew I was wrong.these are great earphones, and if you use earphones often like me for work, I cannot recommend it enough!first, sound quality is great.  other earphones produces piercing sounds... not these!sounds are comparable to the high quality headphones.you get what you pay for.... timeless statement
If you are looking for headphones that stay in your ear while you are doing any physical activity. Then these are 100% for you. My biggest gripe with them is the sound is so low. Other reviewers warned me but I thought it was an exaggeration. If you wear this to a gym that plays loud music you will barely be able to hear your music. If you're running outside cool go for it.ProsGreat Fit ( These will not come out your ear)ConsVery low volume ( and cancels 0 outside noise)Overpriced ( I honestly think these should be $50 Max)Overall I wouldn't recommend them to anyone unless you plan to use them in a quieter setting.
I've owned this pair of earphones for over a year now, and just purchased a second pair (one for at home, and another on the go). I was tempted to upgrade to the Bose Noise Cancellation version 20i (which I gifted to my husband and he loves), but decided to stick with the set that works for me. Maybe if Bose comes out with a really good wireless, bluetooth headset with good battery life, I'd love to get one of those (hint hint). Anyway, from a true Bose fan who hasn't received any free products for review (though wouldn't mind that for Bose), I love, love, love this headset!In terms of earbuds -- I love this design, but I find that earbud preference really depends on the individual. There are some folks who like the tiny buds (like the Apple ones) that go all the way in, but I find my ears get irritated after those. I also like the style of headset that hooks over the ear so the headset doesn't fall out, but there's usually some sound loss, so I think this earbud design is the perfect in-between.
I love the bose freestyle ear buds because the color is awesome and the sound and bass is good and they are so comfortable in the ear and they don't fall out and I enjoy the nice rice sound from the bose also I bought them for at home or when I travel and the sale I got was good because I won't pay full price
Very comfortable after they are broken in. Not a fan of the open back audio, I'm more of a closed back kind of person even though I think open back is more practical. I do take my audio very seriously. Audio is very nice despite the openess and the sound gets drowned out and leaks out.
These were great until one day while wearing them at work, the headphone jack got pressed agianst and bent/broke while i was on a ladder. My phone was in my tool pouch and the rest is history. They sounded great while i had them, but honestly i think for the money, not really worth it. Bose is a good brand but every now and then cheap products are made :(
Absolutely great!  The sound is fabulous in both high and low ends. Super value for the price.  I bought the StayHear Plus Tips to block out some of the ambient noise and was very pleased with the results.  Now, they are not as good as the noise-cancelling earbuds but for the price, a much better value for me.
I love these headphones. I cant wear typical earbuds they fall out constantly and are quite uncomfortable. These are extremely comfortable and the sound quality is great. Even though the bud tips go into the ear canal they are soft and I barely notice them. The price point is ideal. Ive already purchased two pair. One for home and one for the office. The second pair I bought less than a week after I purchased the first. Between the two Im wearing these headphones eight to twelve hours a day.  They work fine with my Android phone an LG G3. I've also used them with my Nexus 7. Added bonus the mic also works with the Xbox One controller! No more cranium crushing over-ears.
I've bought two of these over the last few years...and they've both had the same issue. The rubber coating on the cables gets brittle and cracks in multiple places...sometimes in less than a year. I've had a LOT of earbuds across all price ranges from Bose to Sennheiser to cheap $10 Panasonic. The ones that held up the absolute worst? Bose. The $100 set held up worse than the $10...and that's under careful and light usage.I contacted Bose and simply asked them to simply replace their defective products, but they wanted to charge me almost as much as retail. At the end of the day, Bose is behind the technology power curve in so many of their products abd doesn't stand by their products. If I'm paying $100 for your product it better not fall apart in less than a year while the $10 product doesn't.Overrated.
I decided to buy these headphones to replace my Apple's headphones which have a problem with their cable. Compare to the Apple's headphones, these Bose headphones feel uncomfortable and bulkier. Even with the smallest fitting size, it does not fit well into my ear. The sounds quality is also flatter than the Apple headphones. I am not sure these Bose headphones are worth their price.
I am EXTREMELY happy with these. Of course, I've used the earbuds that come with the iPhone, and they don't sound good (and they slip out of the ear). I tried the Beats in-ear buds, and I thought they sounded very poor for the money. And though they have different ear-canal attachments, they still slipped out. These are in the same price-range as Beats, but they sound great and they are very comfortable to wear in the gym. 6 months of use and NO issues!
I love it. Latest in a long number of bose headphones that I have been getting. Sound quality is as good as earlier versions of this in-ear. One thing that I do not like in this version is the metal part where the headphone is inserted into the audioplayer. In eralier versions of the headphone the part had a L-shape that I found more convenient to use. This version has lost the L-shape and I find that it sticks out a little more and is not as convineinent. On the plus side, the phone wires don't get as tangled up as my earlier versions used to. All in all, I am liking it very well and will stay with Bose.
I upgraded to these after my 5-year old Bose earphones kicked the bucket. These feel about the same quality as every other earphones that Ive run across over the $50 mark - they will last a couple of years with heavy use before they start to fail. Every set Ive owned has eventually lost the sound in one of the earphones and my previous ones were the first to last past a year. In fairness Ive had issues with Monster, Klipsch, and Shures longevity after months of normal use; its inevitable due to the repetitive bending of the wire connecting to each earphone and then the plug. Long story short, I am not going to ding Bose on making fairly standard quality earphones. The sound is decently balanced and since they dont actually jam into your ears like most in-ears they provide way less isolation, but a larger soundstage. I like the sound signature, the bass seems more dialed down and tighter than other Bose products. Where these headphones shine and why I continue to buy them: they are unbelievably comfortable. Unlike other earphones, these sit in my ears perfectly without having to constantly deal with the seal of other typical in-ear models, such as Beats, B&O;, and B&W.; I can wear these for an unlimited amount of time without feeling the need to adjust them in any way, I dont know of a single other pair of headphones  in-ear, over-ear, on-ear  that accomplishes this. These are almost perfect if you dont need noise isolation.
Good but not great. Expected way more from these.Even the discounted price is worth it.They fit absolutely uncomfortably. Do not buy these without trying them at a local Bose store.The sound is crisp and even. Very little bass and unless at full volume they are rather quiet along the whole volume spectrum.
They are so comfortable, I sleep with these every night. They do not fall out of your ears and the sound is amazing. I attach them to my PJ's before I go to sleep.  I usually put the songs on rewind and I wake up knowing all the words to my new CDs like:  Don Henley's - Cass County, Carrie Underwood's - Storyteller, and Chris Stapleton's - Traveller.
They have lasted for six months so far. Very impressed. Please, when you pull them out, always pull at the jack, otherwise the wires might detach same with pulling the wires to get them out of your ears. They are starting to protest a little, won't play the music at first, but I twist the plug a little and everything works again. Also: I have weird ears that normal buds fall out of CONSTANTLY. I've had over ear headphones, I've had ones with the little thing that goes behind your ear, these are, by far, the best.
I'm a heavy heaphone user, meaning I wear my headphones every day for multiple hours and I can't even begin the list of headphones I've bought in the past decade. So far these have been the best pair I've ever had! I purchased these after my JVC over-the-ears crapped out in April. I've never been one for in-ears because even the best brands popped out or hurt (SkullCandy, Apple, JVC, etc) then a friend let me try these on I instantly noticed the difference, so comfortable accodring to him "you can fall asleep in them" (and I have since) and felt really secure. After discounting I got these for $88 but I think they are worth the extra markup, though I wish they included more replacement earbuds, more on that later.Pros:-Sound- I've often found in-ear buds to sound grainy and less rich, I notice none of this with these, but it's Bose sound hard to really question it (sorry I'm not more of a scientific audiophile)-Comfort- have fallen asleep in these, great for long plane rides, long term use. Have excercised in, barely any issues with falling out-Remote control and mic add to functionality, have used successfully for phone calls-Color scheme- went with the iced blue, love it and the touch of red makes it easier to find-Carry case is a nice addition for travel, wish it was larger enough for my iPhone but it is decent size for a smaller mp3 playerCons:-Silicone earbuds may fall off- I've only had one incident so far where I went to reach for my headphones and one of the silicone earbuds had fallen off at some point and of course I couldn't find it, they're really impossible to use without them. Had to trim down a larger size one to fit temporarily before finding a store. Just be careful, use the carrying case, and should you lose one go to a Bose store or a Bose reseller a lot of the ones here on Amazon did not see legit...-Earbuds are "sweat proof" they're sweat proof enough that that the water doesn't get through the silicone to destroy the sound or get it wet but don't be surprised if the earbuds get a lil slimy...just wipe them doen with some iso later
The Bose headphones have some great qualities and some terrible qualities, depending on what you're looking for.Pros: The most comfortable in-ear headphones I have ever owned. They produce great sound quality and the microphone works very well with my iPhone. In a QUITE environment, they are perfect and you can wear them for hours without knowing they are in.Cons: ZERO noise canceling- I don't mean some I mean zero. If you have any background noise you will hear it; regardless of how loud you play your music.My recommendation: If you're like me, you listen to your headphones at the gym, on planes, and places that will inevitably have background noise. If you like in-ear headphones buy the Shure SE215 headphones. They are about the same price, have similar sound quality, and will completely eliminate background noise. I find the Shure foam earbuds to be very comfortable and once you find the right size and preference with foam / silicone ear bud fittings; they are perfect.I bought the Bose headphones because I lost my Shure SE425 earbuds. I just found them and will be using them in place of the Bose earbuds- they are $300 and well worth the cost if you use your headphones on a regular basis.Like I said- extremely comfortable but not the ideal headphones for me. I was pretty disappointed with them and thought I would get a much better product for $125. Would return them, but past the 30 day refund date.
I have broken 3 sets of the standard Apple headphones, so I decided to upgrade to a pair that would hopefully last longer than a few months. These sound great, fit all ear sizes comfortably, and look decent.I picked mine up for $85 at a local electronics store, which I would pay again any day.
I bought these as a gift for someone since I already own a pair and know how good they are.  The person who I got them for feels the same way.  She loves them and says the quality is great and they actually do stay in your ears, unlike most others.
I do not recommend these if you're into weight lifting. I used to have the old IE2 and got these. The old ones had the end not sticking out, but these do. When I was deadlifting, the ends snapped when the bar was near my waist. They've been showing wear and tear for the past 2 weeks and I've only had them for a month. I'm very upset considering my old pair lasted me for almost 2 years and these broke almost immediately.
The molded ear pieces can take a little getting used to, but the sound is clear.Cons - The mic picks up too much background noise.  I've also had complaints that I'm hard to hear, unless I hold the mic closer to my mouth. I'm mainly using them as headphones.
Incredible Bose sound for a great price.  My wife was looking for some headphones to listen to at work, and after originally looking at Beats by Dre, and noticing the issues with Chinese knockoffs, I went to my go to review site C NET and found out about these Bose headphones.  They had the best cost/ performance ratio.  Wife loves them, and I was really impressed with the sound myself.  Great buy!!
They tangle easily and I wouldn't buy white again... they're more off-white after heavy use. Maybe I can clean them with something to restore the whiteness. Sound is good, comfortable, always have had good luck with Bose products when having to deal with their customer service...which is great.
I absolutely love the Bose products. I wouldn't buy anything else. These are awesome. I wear them when mowing the yard and they dont slip out of my ears. Plus with the micro clamp, it clips on my shirt so if i need to remove them for something, they dont fall on the ground. Excellent sound! I would recommend to anyone. Perfect fit too.
these are the best sounding and most comfortable earbuds i've owned at the $100 price range when compared to skullcandy, sony, and jbl. appreciate the clarity and fullness of sound when watching dialogue driven tv shows and movies.have not owned them for long. not sure how durable the cord is. guess i'll be finding out since i'm a heavy user of earbuds.
These are worth the price and do sound great, but I have two small nitpicks about this product compared to the old Mie2i Model.-The plug is straight, unlike the Mie2i, which had a nice angled plug.-The sound sounds a bit more muffled. Still great, hardly noticable once you've been listening to them for awhile.I would definitely reccomend these to someone looking for a pair of portable earphones with good sound, unlike Beats and other "fake" high end products.
You get what you pay for....these are basic $45-60 headphones, the bass is full but I found the treble levelsto be lacking. If you really like to hear the high treble in your music, this may not be your best bet. I almostprefer a good pair of Apple earbuds to be preferable.
Great Headphones, Great Audio, and Great Price. I've been using these for a year now and its still good as new i use them on a daily basis for all things whether its music or movies I love them! They have cool design and also a pause button on the wire if you got your phone in your pocket and the wire also has a microphone for that same reason. I would take these over beats because of the price and quality.
We purchased these for our teenage son.  Within a week or so, one of the speakers stopped working so we returned it via Skullcandy's replacement service, received a purchase credit, and re-purchased the exact same model.  Several months after receiving the replacement, the set is showing wear and tear.  The cord ends are splitting and has a "click" sound if the cord is jiggled.  It is clear these are not made to last, especially for a teenage boy who may toss them in a backpack or under the bed.  For the price of these headphones I would have expected them to hold up a bit better.  But - kudos to Skullcandy's replacement service which was relatively easy to use.
I bought from Skullcandy direct and it was shipped 5 days after I received an Email that it had been sent. Regardless of shipping these are not quality headphones. They are very light and plastic feeling, didn't fit around my ears correctly. The sound is like you are a foot away from speakers, or in other words the sound doesn't feel present it feels far away. I do not recommend these headphones for the $30 from direct let alone the $60+ on Amazon.
Headphones came quickly, new in box, undamaged. The problem is what I was afraid of while ordering...the description said "black/black" but the transaction allowed me to choose a color. So I did. I still got black/black. It's not a deal-breaker and it's too close to Christmas to horse around with returns...I just wish I hadn't been expecting gray/lime instead.
I purchased the grey/cyan/magenta Hesh 2 headphones with the detachable cord. This is exactly what I got. The sound quality is great, nice stereo, and the bass is defined but not overbearing. They're very comfortable on the ears, but the top of the band can start to make my head hurt after a few hours. I have found that on the smallest size (they are adjustable), they are still a bit loose. I doubt they'd fall off easily though. The detachable cord is an almost rope like material, and considerably long. Overall, a good buy for $45 since they're usually $60- and be sure if you're buying on Amazon to watch the prices for a while, as I noticed that from day to day certain colors/styles are cheaper than others. The day after I bought this color, they went back up to $53. Glad I bought them when I did.
I bought these for work when I worked in a loud area. But now that I have an office, these got thrown in my gym bag. At the gym they cancel out most of the sound so I can have a workout in peace, but I wish they were a bit less bulky. sometimes they might bang on a piece of equipment. But they are great when Im doing cardio! Great brand! I have had these for over a year now! I do wish I could find a pair that was cordness though so I can stop pushing the cord down my shirt.
I picked these up about two years ago and have found them decent but not the best headphones I've ever had. I had some smaller skullcandy headphones in the past and loved those, they sat well on my head and the sound was still great. I find these a bit big and bulky. After more than an hour of wearing them I find that they press into the sides of my head and often I have to take them off because it hurts to wear them for too long. I usually only use them if I'm watching or listening to something with very low volume. They do have great sound and I have no complaints about that.
Best headphones ever! I really love these. The mids and highs come out nice and clear, and the bass is sooo good! Yet it does not over power the rest of the music. It has minimal leakage, while still giving you full sound. I love these, and all Skull-candy products. These are a must have!
Third pair of Skullcandy headphones I own. Used for monitoring during band jam sessions. Only issue is that, wish it included a 3.5 mm headphone jack/cord that was just TRS, not TRRS. The microphone ring does not allow proper connection when used with my JamHub extension cords. Had to purchase a different cord to use in that situation. Finding a small enough jack that fit in the narrow connection port was a challenge.
Passable headphones. I've used over the headphones before such as Sony, Panasonic, Bose. I've purchased these because of the cheap price and I figured I could carry them everywhere for rough use. However, the sound quality isn't as great as you'd expect for such bulky headphones. For the price, it was average at best. I liked that it had a detachable cord from one side only, definitely makes it tangle free when you're moving around with them. But, I wish skull candy made them a bit more sound proof...I've noticed that the sound leaks quite a bit and even at the lowest possible volume, it was very easy to hear the sound from the outside.Overall, I'd say these headphones are worth it for the price if you're short on time and you need to grab headphones immediately from the shelves. You won't be too disappointed especially at the price point, but you may think twice in the long run. Hope this helped!
these headphones are amazing. I wanted something that would eliminate outside sounds when i listen to music.I study a lot and outside noise can sometimes be distracting. But with these headphones, i can listen to my music or listen to lectures on my computer or tablet. In addition, the clarity of the headphones work good when someone calls you.
I bought myself a pair of these to use when DJing on a local radio station and when editing audio files for air play. They are not the best headphones I've ever used, but they are very good -- and you can't beat them in the $40-$70 price range, in my opinion. I liked them so well that I bought pairs for two of my interns--college students. They also like them a lot. They are not "noise-cancelling" headphones, but their tight over-ear design cuts out a lot of room (or airplane) noise.If I were mastering audio for a CD, I think I'd want something in the $200-$500 price range.  But for ordinary listening or working in radio, Hesh 2 headphones are just fine. Great deal for the price. Recommended.
These are SERIOUSLY noise canceling.  I know some people have said they don't work as well as the Bose, etc., and I'm sure that's true, but I've never used high end headphones so can't compare.  But I will say my daughter had me try them out listening to her music while she talked to me, and I thought she was only pretending to talk.  I couldn't hear anything! Everyone corroborated her speaking in a normal voice while I had them on. I was impressed!
Extremely satisfied with the Hesh 2.0.  A friend has the Beat Solo and these provide a much fuller sound profile.  The Solos didn't sound much better than a $15 pair of Sony I bought 10 years ago.I like the look of these headphones, all black is fairly subtle.  So far they have been comfortable enough for 1-2 hours at a time.  I've been impressed enough that I've put some Skullcandy Crushers on my short list of future purchases.
They are great headphones for the price. My main complaint is that if you have them on for a couple hours, the bar that rests on your head isn't very cushioned and it causes irritation. Besides that, the music quality is fantastic. I would recommend to a friend. 8/10
These are some great headphones. The pads and nice and cushy and breathable . it looks great. Sound quality is superb. Amazing bass and mids but the highs are a bit muffled. I wont reccomend using with a phone because a phone cant unleash tge true power of these cans. They really come to life on a computer however. I use mine as pseudo speakers while studying. I plug them in and raise the volume to about 75 percent and instant speakers .
Pretty good quality, not extremely pro but definitely not bad at all! They will be put to use. Came in great condition, love that the plug in part comes out, and the fact that it comes with a bag is even better! All in all, great experience and I recommend these!
Ive had my heshs for 1 year now and have had no problems at all. Note: Your device may not give the proper amount of power to these headphones, therefore they will not sound to good(Or loud). I have used these for just about everything and the soundrange is insane. Basses are insane, Highs and mids are great. Build quality is fantastic and will last the average person a year.
These headphones are pretty good at cutting off outside noise and make decent sound, but the cord they come with gets kinked. About a week into owning it the wires started poking out of the cloth covering in places where kinks got really bad and have to be tucked back in. Also, the ear coverings are quite large and make it look like you're wearing over-sized earmuffs if you've got a tiny head (like I do)
Very comfortable, and has GREAT sound. It comes with a little bag to store it in when you're not using it, but I really don't see the point since the headphones can't fold. The detachable AUX chord is a plus, so if that part gets frayed, or wears out (which is usually the first to go), I can just replace that and not have to buy a whole new pair of headphones.
I got these headphones last Christmas and I must say do not regret it. These headphones offer incredible sound quality with great balance between Treble, Bass, and Voice. It took me a few weeks to get use to over-ear headphone, and these ones are very comfortable. I use them almost every single day and still in perfect condition.
These Headphones are great. They are comfortable and they can be worn for long periods of time. but I have a thin face and these leave some gaps between my face and the cups for sound to get in and out of. The sound quality if your looking for base isn't high in the slightest but if you want crisp highs and an amazing middle range these are great. They are also very sturdy and have a long life span I've had mine for 2 years and no problem. Worth 40-50$ but I wouldn't pay more. I still love these things and am very happy with my purchase.
I love my new headphones!!!! Especially the color!!! Feel like I'm rich and has that Louis Vuitton color look lol!!! Hahaha!!! Anyways!!! Very fast shipping!!!! And... Well equipped packaging!!!! They do really care bout your customers!!!! At first it was small for me so it couldn't fit my ears so I have to adjust the headband!!  Not like the other skullcandy hesh headphones I had before and that was a perfect fit which it reaches my ear!!!!Highly recommended buying this headphones cause of the color and very fast and well equipped packaging!!!
I use these practically everyday for more than a year now and they're still going strong, the removable cable is a plus as I have had a couple of cables go bad on me resulting in sound coming from only one side.Good sound quality, if you have android you should look up Viper4Android (http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2191223) it's an equalizer with many options and makes these sound much better as if they were 2 to 3x the cost.
These are really great headphones for the price. $45 free shipping with prime.Man that is a STEAL. I went to Target and they have the Hesh 2.0 as $60 still.Anyways, the only problem with these is that there is no mic included. So if you want a mic these headphones aren't for you. Yes the listing says there is a mic, but there isn't. I don't care since I wouldn't have used it, but it still sucks that it can mislead others.All in all, the headphones have great sound quality and block out sound pretty nicely and are pretty comfortable. Mine didn't have any defects when I got it or anything, and even if it did - it would most likely be the cord....which is replaceable! :)Having a replaceable cord ALSO makes these headphones great since thats the first thing that always goes bad and you can find similar stiles of the cords on here for around $6.tldr;Pros:ComfortableNice Sound QualityPretty to look at (at least for me they are)Not heavyReplaceable cordCons:No micPS ~ The cord is a braided cord.
Went through two of these. Both arrived defective with one side not working.  Yes, I made sure the cable was pushed into the headset all the way.  In addition, I thought these were kind of enormous (bought them for my young teen daughter because she asked for them, but I thought they looked silly because of their size) as well as cheap feeling.  +1 star, though, because the exchange of the first one and the return of the second one was hassle-free.
Love this brand and I love these headphones. Sound quality is good and the bass in songs sound great. I gave four stars only because it's not as discreet as I would like it. You shouldn't wear these in a place that requires silence if you're like me and like your music loud enough where you can't hear yourself think. Besides that, I am happy with my purchase.
Uncomfortable.  Bought these Skull Candy Hesh 2 and paid over $60 for them at Best Buy.  The top is hard plastic and within minutes, it digs into your skull.  Now I get the name!  No thanks.  Returning these asap!  Sound isn't the best I ever heard either.I am listening to them right now with a shamy to cushion my head from the digging plastic and it is still hurting.  Who designed these? Poor job!
I got these to replace my Ifrogz Dj Style Headphones. They just weren't staying on my head so I figured why not try out the skullcandy line because I've heard a lot of good things about them. Now I've been listening with the Hesh 2's for about a whole day now and they feel secure on my head. They do go around my whole ear but maybe I have small ears? The only difference between these and my Ifrogz was the bass. I mean I don't consider myself an audiophile but I do like to listen to my music on a decent pair of headphones and these fit the bill. Are there better quality headphones out there? I'm sure there are. Everyone seems to be raving about the audiotechnia models but the fact is I don't find it super important to spend 300 dollars on a pair of headphones. These are super durable I have no worries about breaking them and neither should you as long as you don't throw them on the ground and start stepping on them. For normal use I don't see these being a problem. The bass on these isn't bad but if you listen to a lot of rap or hip hop and are a bass head these aren't the headphones for you. For the other people that don't put bass as a priority these headphones do a good quality job of staying on your head and supplying you with crisp clear sound with balanced highs, mids, and bass. Personally I didn't like having my whole head shake from my Ifrogz bass. I listen to a lot of metal and these do a good job however, I would have wanted a tiny bit more put into the mids, the snare sound from the kit gets lost a little bit in the mix. It's still there but I personally love listening to the percussion especially when I'm listening to someone like Between the Buried and Me or the Faceless. Other than that they came on time and the packaging was fine. If you personally don't mind having super bass and looking for quality headphones that are durable and comfortable in this price range the Skullcandy Hesh 2's are a great option. I only gave them four stars because of the lack of mids. I would have given them a 4.5 if I could have.
I purchased these for my daughter for her birthday.  I wanted to get her a nice entry-level set that would still perform well and yet stand up to the rigors it would inevitably experience being on the head of a newly official teenager.  Being an earbuds type of person, I was a bit lost in the sea of options.  After reading probably thousands of reviews, I opted for these and hoped for the best.  Out of the box (well, rather still in the box), I noted that they look quite nice.  Like nice enough that I would find ways to steal them when she isn't using them.  She opened them and handed them over.  They have a nice weight to them and I really like the flexibility of the band.  She pulled up her Spotify and began listening, and the look on her face told me that I had done well.  She put them on my ears, and I was satisfied.  The sound is very nice for the price point, with a depth and richness that I was not expecting.  The sound dampening must be working, as she complains less about her brother's antagonistic ways since having them on her little head.  The boy child is now asking for a pair, and I look to the future with joy at the possibility of having a reasonably silent house in spite of an 11 and 13 year-old.
These headphones are absolutely amazing. I do not mean they don't have flaws, I mean they are worth what you're paying and more. I am not an audiophile, but I like music and I want it to sound good. I have broken and owned many headphones so I know how I like mine. These headphones give you great bass, crisp sound, and design. They hit all the highs of my "dubstep" music, but do not distort it. These headphones, if anything, give you a more distinct sound and make the track sound better. They do have amazing bass, but for the softer tracks they are just as good with quiet piano and guitar. Finally, I'm a teenager and will be wearing these CONSTANTLY so comfort is big. I put these on and adjusted them and they feel great. They aren't super heavy and cup your ear fairly. My mom (who does not mind bad quality) put these on and her first words were "Those are really comfortable." I'd say the only downfall of these are that they are very rounded and give you the double-bun look on your head and they aren't as good as some, but, especially for the price, they are great, great, great headphones.
I originally bought the headphone for its color.  Love the shape and its design.Sound quality is not that special, seems to be a bit lacking in all frequencies.  There are a lot of others on the market that will offer the same or better quality.The signal cable had some connection issue.  Couldn't pinpoint exactly which end of the connector is causing the problem.
sound fantastic, very clear. they mute the noise very well. comfortable up until the 4th hour, i typically need a break for my ears as they eventually cramp my ears a bit but i shouldn't be listening to direct noise like that for more than 4 hours anyway so i ain't complaining. would definitely recommend.
Bought these because my son had skullcandy's from about 3 or 4 years ago that I was borrowing more often than he liked. I knew I wanted a pair just like them. Unfortunately, these aren't as nice in terms of sound and fit. The ear phone is round compared to my son's that is oblong..(like the shape of an ear) So it doesn't hug your ear or fit as well hence, the sound suffers but I like the sleeker style, less bulk with cord and for the money it serves my purpose (walking) well.
Let me start by saying that I hated music. There's a musical piece here and there I liked as long as I didn't listen to it more than once in a blue moon. More frequently than that and I would end up hating it too. I tried to keep a silent life; playing games on mute and avoiding music with no visual accompaniment by which to ignore it. These headphones were a gift, so I thought I'd do the honorable thing and appreciate the gesture.And WOW. I had never heard music like this before. I could hear every depth, every note, every after note (like the vibration echo of a piano key) with fullness, clarity. The range was nothing like I'd ever heard before. It was complete, but every part clear and separate.  No shallow tenor, no muffled bass. During my first listen to a musical piece (the ending theme to Fearless, to be exact), I was flooded with abstract emotion I can only describe as my very soul harmonizing to the music: pleasantly delighted by each musical emphasis; riding the cascading rise and fall of the musical high notes and low notes; essentially being drawn into and becoming part of the music itself while reality became a distant and faded existence.I know now what it means by "music has power," and I love it. I love music! These headphones aren't even the top of the line, but their amazing quality has invigorated an apathetic part of me that was caused by a lifetime of cheap speakers producing crappy sound. They have shown me a world I never knew in music, and I learned something about myself. I don't hate music, I hate crap. I'm a snobby audiophile!Note: all speakers are somewhat limited by the output capabilities of the device they are plugged into. If you want the best music these head phones have to offer, go into your sound setup and adjust your equalizer to produce the best sound possible based on the majority kind of music you listen to (the best equalizer settings for an opera are different from the best settings for instrumental).
These headphones are comfy on my head, 200# dude, and sound good. The bass is there and clarity is what I expected. I'm not audiophile, but do appreciate good sound and have invested in more expensive headphones in the past. The mic is also works well and push button function performs as planned with my iPhone.
I thought that the overall EQ of these headphones was very weak.  I primarily listen to metal, but like a good, upfront sound with nice highs and deep bass.  Bought these initially and was very disappointed.  The sound, at pretty much every volume was weak, seemed distant and distorted.  I can say my iPhone 6 headphones that came with the phone are 10x better than these.  I ended up returning them and buying the Crushers instead.  Build quality looks nice on these but I don't like the audio quality at all. I also found them to be a little small around my ears, they didn't fully surround my entire ear like many other models do.
skullcandy has been a go to brand for me for almost 10 years now mainly with their in ear models like the ink'd and the jib's. but i decided to buy some of their over ear models as the in ear models don't last that long before you need to buy a replacement. the hesh 2 where one of those models as they were on sale at the local store near my house for the same price as they are on amazon. the sound quality is more emphasized towards the lows than with the mids and highs. bought them so i don't have to carry around or lose my more expensive sennheiser momentum over ear headphones when i travel or go to work. overall am more impressed with these headphones than the past models of skullcandy headphones i have bought in the past. the removable cord is a non proprietary cable and will be much cheaper to replace than the ones for the sennheiser momentum's. just wish they were of a foldable design it does come with a carrying bag that is the color of the headphones
These headphones were just okay.  They were comfortable enough, but they leaked sound so badly that I could take them off with the volume only halfway up, and I could listen to the music from across the room.Also, this was probably just me, but for some reason the padding around my ears made my skin itch.  Very weird, but as I said, could have just been me.They definitely are not sound blocking AT ALL.  So just beware.
I owned a pair of these for about 4 yrs and used them on a daily basis; really put them through the ringer and finally they started to break.  I am now buying my second pair.  They fit well, and because I had the black colored ones they were invisible with my brown hair - which is helpful when trying to ignore people who are talking to you and you don't really care about what they are saying. The sound quality was good. Even when I was working out and sweating they felt like they were not even there.
I bought these because I like the over the ear hook design and the price is very reasonable.  They sound good but can get a little uncomfortable.  The speaker part that you put in your ear doesn't have any padding and the  hard plastic gets a little irritating.  They do stay put if you take a moment to put them on as indicated on the packaging; speaker in ear first and then wrap the hook around.  If you try to put it on any other way it falls off if you move around.
Just bought these yesterday at Walmart for $10 as my current headphones were cutting out at the right ear. The previous ones were big, the bass was better, but it was so quiet. These on the other hand, deliver really loud sounds - which is what I been looking for.I'm not a great reviewer but here's what you can expect.Comfort - these things do hurt after a little while, which is expected. They do not fall out even if you are shaking your head violently (of course, who would do such a thing...) and they stay snug no matter what. Only downfall is the fact you have take them off to relieve pain.Sound - I've never seen such earphones get so loud. My laptop needs only 1 volume bar and even then, its loud yet perfect to listen to music with. I'm a fan of loud music, so bare with. On my PC, however, they soften up and it requires me to put them a little higher up in volume. One thing: do not expect much bass. The bass is lower than my previous headphone, but it was designed for bass boost anyways. This is a perfect, temporary replacement until I get my gamecom 367 headset (I have desktop mic which I use for online gaming and headphones to listen).Misc - I'm a pretty tall person, or average height (6'3''), the cord seems a little too short but maybe just enough for me to work out with. However, I feel as if I may yank the cord if I start jogging again. This is just speculation based on what I noticed from yesterday and today.All in all - good for the price.Do not expect superior bass quality.Do expect loud but great sound quality.Cord may be too short for some people.
I like the small size of earbud-type earphones, but they have always hurt my ears when I use them.  Since these earphones have a rubber "c" looping around the ear, they don't really need to be wedged in the ear and hold in while jogging.  However, my wife (who has small ears could not get them to fit.
i have owned these headphones for about four months. i use them during my workouts and studying in noisy areas (starbucks, subway, etc.). the sound quality is fine not the best; but, for 10 bucks really good. the headphones do stay in my ears while running on the treadmill and doing the precor machines at they gym. the earphones unfortunately are aesthetically unpleasing--on a medium head (male, 5'10", 160lbs). they look too gigantic and just weird. i plan to purchase another pair just for this reason. but, if you have a larger sized head then these will work wonders.
After my expensive nike earhooks broke after a couple months I bought two different models of sonys, neither stayed in place during strenuous workouts.  I tried these inexpesive phillips.  Big thumbs up!  I have run nearly everyday in the same pair for the past two years.  They stay in place comfortably and the sound quality is equal or better then the sonys.  My experience has been great with these and they've lasted longer then I could have hoped.  When they do break, I'll order them again without hesitation.
I like to take my iPod shuffle running and bike riding, and am on a never ending quest to find the perfect headphones that will stay put no matter what I'm doing.  Up until this point the winner has been Philips' ear hook headphones that were predecessors to these.  They were pretty durable, stayed put well, and the sound was decent.  I tried numerous other styles like the Sony MDR-EX81 (yuck), MDR-J10 (uber-yuck), and a number of others.  These surpass all others, and they are CHEAP (as in, inexpensive)!!  They have a nice springiness to them that holds the aural piece nicely inside your ear without leading to any pressure points or discomfort, they block more outside noise than many other designs (see gripe below) so more of the music comes through unmolested, the cord is a good length for on-body music device use (maybe a little long), and did I mention they are super cheap?My only gripe so far is that they really do need those thin foam coverings that most ear bud headphones use nowadays.  My iPods come with ear bud headphones (which I also like, but not for sports) and they ship with a few extra packs of the foam pieces.  I put some of those over these headphones and voila, the best headphones to date.  Without the foam, the fit is a little less comfortable and they don't nest in your ear canal quite as effectively and let more ambient noise through.  Also, since the rubber over-the-ear piece is basically nonadjustable, folks with size-challenged or -enhanced ears may not end up with the ear piece falling in the right spot.  This may be a bell curve sized product.Everyone's ears are different, but if iPod headphones fit you pretty well in general but want something that will hook over your ears to stay put (and you don't have elephant ears), give these a shot.  It's only a $10 experiment.  I need to subtract one star for the lack of the foam coverings...
$10 for this pair of earphones is an absolute steal.  Initially, I was only looking at alternatives from the usual suspects, Sony and Seinheisser.Style:  simple, inobtrusive - definitely not as flashy as the sonys and seinheisers.Sound:  with the caveat that i'm no audiophile - these sound great and are very loud (i.e. i don't have to crank up my mp3 player like i had to do with other earphones).  Those who appreciate more bass may find these earphones lacking.  i'm more of a pop/hardrock guy and the earphones handle these songs well.Fit - it might take a little while to get a hang of putting on those earclips but once that's settled, it's well fitting and comfortable.  I also wear glasses and they will work well together (you'll have to put on your glasses _after_ putting on the earphones).  The cord is of average length - I do like the fact that the V-shaped wire design of the wire extending to the earphones are short and compact (no dangling wires).For your reference,  I was looking for a pair of earphones that were not earbuds. I purchased a pair of Sony MDR-Q22LP for my sister and tried them out (great sounding earphones, more bass, stylish and comfortable). I decided against them b/c they were kinda bulky and the over-ear design, while comfortable, leaked sound (not into making myself a public niusance).  Sennheiser does have the Sennheiser OMX50 which looks to have good reviews - would have purchased this if not for finding the philips for $20 less.
As an avid runner, I constantly went through several headphones a month before finding these.  I would spend $30 on a pair of headphones that claimed it was made for running, but I would spend half my running time just fixing the headphones because the sound would go in and out of an earphone, or I would have to keep putting them back in my ear because they'd fall out.  In the end, I found these, and I have never looked back.They stay in my ears the entire time and are relatively comfortable in light of there being no padding, but that doesn't bother me.  The sound on these are great too.  I'm usually in the gym with a couple of other people running on machines so it tends to get pretty loud in there, but I can't hear a thing with these in.  I had my last pair for about 3 years, and the sound in one of the ears recently gave way.  I quickly went out to get a new pair after trying a few other brands that I had lying around the house (all with no positive responses).This is by far the best pair of headphones a runner could ask for.  The cord has plenty of slack so you're not pulling on anything as you move.  Because the design doesn't have the hard backing to loop around your head, I'm able to keep them loosely in my bag, and still not have anything bulky in there taking up too much room.
I bought these at Target because I was having problems finding earbuds that will stay in my ears, so figured ones with clips would help.  These were even worse.  I have small ears, so the "hooks" were too large to fit around my ear.  They kept sliding down, and falling off my ears after just a couple minutes.  Plus the "flexible" hook made them difficult to get on in the first place.  I found them extrememly uncomfortable (during the short time they stayed on), and there is no way I want to stop and put the earbuds back on every couple minutes. Waste of money.
I ordered and received these headphones, thought they would be perfect. Unfortuneately while listening to them I receive a shock inside my ear on one side. I then padded that side with a cushion, but the more I use them the cushion doesn't prevent that shock. I just had to add a cushion to the other side as well.Philips Flexible Earhook Headphones SHS3201/28 (White) (replaces SHS3201/37)
I had this headphones for about two years until I lost them and  was looking for the exact same ones , they work great for me while working ; once you put them on you forget they are even there ( always set the volume low to avoid damage to your hearing and stay aware of your surroundings , just saying ).I like the fact they don't have a sponge on the speaker since the sponge gets wet with sweat an really icky , they never hurt my ears as reported by others maybe because I don't try to put them too far into the ear , just let the speaker sit loosely near the ear canal trust me , its not gonna move ,  the cord is a little long and had to tie a knot to shorten it but other than that they are perfect ,
Avoid this earphones or you'll pay for it with pain in the your ears. It's uncomfortable and I can't wear it for more than 10 minutes. If I can return it, I would. I wouldn't want to give it away free as it'll just hurt someone else. It's uncomfortable and the sound quality is poor. The length of it is also one of the shortest on any headphones I've seen. For a pair of cheap, comfortable and good-quality headphones, I recommend the Sony MDR-J10 which Amazon has in various colors. That earphone is great for the gym, made with flexible rubber wire coating (not plastic and easily torn), is durable, is long enough for most use and sounds good.I don't write many reviews but putting this Philips earphones on again drove to me to write a poor review for it. Avoid at all cost!
I HATE these things.  I am sitting here listening to them at work and every time i move my feet, or roll my chair, i get static shock in my ears and it HURTS!!!  The stupid metal screens on the earbuds shock me every time i scuff my feet on the ground, or slide in my chair, etc.  That is rediculous.  I have had these for almost 2 months, and it has done this every time i've worn them (which is almost daily).  Despite the fact that I hate them so bad, I try to sit still with them in and they are ok, but nothing special thats for sure.  I really need to just get new ones, these are a joke.
These headphones did not fit my ears. I was looking for something comfortable that would stay in place when running, but the ear buds and flexible hook were too big. The "flexible" hooks do not bend to conform to the size of your ears, so if you have smaller ears these probably aren't the right ones for you.
Simply put, this is the best pair of headphones I've ever used...ever. I enjoyed it so much that I bought 5 more pairs as gifts and 1 extra one to keep for myself. Definitely worth buying and much better than many expensive headphones. The sound is clear and it fits in your ear snuggly and doesn't fall out when exercising.
I've gone through several pairs of earphones/earbuds in an attempt to find something that is comfortable for long-term listening.  The in-ear buds that came with my iPod start hurting if I listen longer than an hour at a stretch.  So I was excited to read so many positive reviews here declaring the Phillips earhooks to be the most comfortable set they had ever tried, and I was even more excited by the extremely attractive price.So I ordered them, tore open the package with eager hands, only to discover, somewhat to my dismay, that the hooks just don't stay on my ears well at all.  I don't *think* I have some grossly deformed skull,but I could be wrong about that as the Phillips earhooks won't stay on unless I'm holding them against my head, which of course defeats the purpose of having a mobile sound system. I have to say that description of these earphones as "flexible" is quite misleading; the earhooks are made of fairly rigid plastic and can't be molded to shape one's individual ear/skull shape... a design feature I sure wish the company's engineers would change.This is particularly disapointing because the sound quality is indeed quite nice, especially given the price.  So I would not want to deter others from buying these. Just don't assume they will work for you.As for me, I ended up surrendering my hopes of finding an inexpensive set of earphones for my iPod and purchased a pair of in-ear phones from Bose instead. Terrific sound quality and great comfort.  Wish I had bought them first.
Great headphones... to bad they do not stay on my head. I must have short ears ..the distance between my speaker and the arch of my ear is much shorter than the headphone. No way to adjust to fit my ears.  I gave them to my husband and he loves them.
I ordered these headphones to replace my old Sony clip-on headphones that I'd picked up for about 10$ at Wal-Mart.I made a bad choice.The headphones are ineffective for me because they are just outright uncomfortable. I haven't had this problem with other headphones of this type before, however, the seam where the plastic is put together is rough and irritates my ears.On another note, I purchased these headphones with the explicit intent of running with them. I would not consider them for casual use at all- their design flaws and poor audio quality rule them out. I own a pair of V-Moda Vibes which I enjoy extremely but cannot run with as they fall out of my ears. All I was looking for was a set of clip earphones that I wouldn't mind throwing around in my gym bag - unfortunately, these won't be good for anything.Trust me, spend your money on something else. Chances are good that you'll be much more satisfied with your purchase.
I consider myself an "audiophile" and mostly listen to acoustic music on my iPhone 3G. I own both Bose Over-Ear headphones and the Sony equivalent of these headphones (MDR-J10). These headphones deliver superb, balanced, crystal clear sound that surpasses the Bose headphones and Sony, particularly in the treble range. Bass is more than adequate for such a small pair of earhook headphones. They're as comfortable as the Sony, very lightweight and stay secure in place (assuming you have normal-sized ears). They're no match for Shure Isolating in-ear earphones, but then again, at $10, what do you expect? Outstanding sound quality for the price. BUY THEM - you won't be disappointed!
Apparently I have smallish ear canals since all in-the-ear-bud headphone devices have proved to be extremely uncomfortable for me.  Even worse, they just plain fall out.  I recently got a new iPhone 6 and the Apple ear buds that came with it looked pretty promising.  No luck.  They were impossible to keep in my ears.  I primarily use these Philips "headphones" at the gym (I am proud to say that I am 81) where i bicycle a lot and use a number of weight machines.  No problems whatsoever.  I wear glasses and they are completely comfortable and functional with my glasses.  I primarily use them for listening to books from Audible.com.  Absolutely perfect for that purpose.
This would be a great product except for 2 things. I bought these to wear at the gym and as others have noticed they shock the inside of my ears!  I thought it was due to sweat but it happens at the very beginning of my workout too before sweating has commenced. I noticed it particularly on the treadmill but it also happens on the bike.  The second thing that I could have lived with if it weren't for the shocks is the size of the ear loops.  They are quite big but they worked ok for me so I would have been ok with it just a little annoyed.  Other than those 2 things the sound is great and everything else was good but there is just no using these headphones for me.  Anyone have suggestions for a similar style and price range that works well in the gym?
I am 25x marathoner and 9x Ironman.  I have used 2 pair over 1000's of hours of sweat, bike riding and marathon racing.  I qualified for the the Boston Marathon 3x wearing these earphones.  They stay on your head, are light weight, and flexible.  I'm sure better sound quality is out there but bang for the buck and able to withstand massive training abuse, you will not be disappointed.  I'm now ordering my third pair.  Train hard, play hard, and enjoy the music.  chimultisport.
These buds are very comfortable to wear. The soft rubbery plastic has a nice spring to it and hugs the ear quite comfortably.I was disappointed with the sound response though. The audio reproduction is EXTREMELY tinny. I had to set my iPod's EQ to "Trebble Reducer" just to not get a headache. Even then its still extremely tinny.Overall, great for the price, you can't expect a pair of Bose headphones.
On the upside, these headphones are cheap, fit the ears well and stay put, and don't have any foam or fabric to get gross if you use them for working out.  The sound is OK, not setting the world on fire but acceptable for the price.The main problem is the cord.  It is constantly getting kinked and tangled.  I think it may have to do with the type of wire used.  I have probably 6 pairs of headphones and this is the only pair that does this so I am sure it is not a usage problem.Because of this cord issue, I would recommend against purchasing these headphones.
These are not comfortable and do not fit my ear at all.The hook portion is not long enough to stay around my entire ear, and I do not have "Dumbo" ears".  The ear bud itself also is big (again for me) so it doesn't fit well.  I guess this is a one-size-fits-all type thing, that doesn't really work out.
I have been going to gym regularly for the past 5 years.  I take working out pretty seriously and I sweat a lot.  I tried many kinds, makes and brands of headphones and no headphones lasted more than 6 months due to sweat even when I spent $25 a piece.  The major problem with the other brands I used so far is, the sweat goes into the headphones and they stop working after 3 to 6 months, some brands even after 2 months.  9 months ago, I bought these Philips SHS3200 headphones for $8 right here on amazon and they are still working fine.  I am a small person and my body parts including my ears are small.  After reading some of the reviews here, I was hesitant before purchasing whether these headphones would be big for my ears.  I gave these headphones a shot because I was unhappy with various headphones I used until then and these are only $8.  I have no trouble using these headphones for two to three hours at a time.  If I use it more than three hours at a time, I feel a very little pain in my ears.  I would still buy these headphones again and I give these headphones 5 stars.  The way these headphones are designed they don't fall off the ears when you are working out.  The sound quality I would not say is the best but is pretty good too.For runners and people who work out a lot, definitely try these headphones; these headphones hold up well to sweat.  Also, due to sweat and rough use, you don't want to spend a lot on headphones for your work outs.  For people who have small ears, you can also try these headphones, don't get discouraged by other people's reviews.  One advice to people that have small ears, don't push the headphones all the way into your ears until they hurt your ears; and don't use a hammer to beat these headphones into your small ears; just relax, take it easy and hang these headphones around your ears.  For the price of $7 or $8, you can't complain about these headphones.And no, I don't work for Philips.  I am a runner and gym maniac myself and I am just a satisfied customer.
I've gone through a ton of these 'earhook' buds over the last 5 years. To give you a rundown:At least 4 pairs ofSony MDR-J10 h.ear Headphones with Non-Slip Design (Black)One pair of Sennheiser OMX60 Ergonomic Earbuds with Basswind System Sound (No longer for sale on Amazon)and most recentlySony MDR-AS20J Active Style Headphones with Soft Loop Hangers - BlackSince I've got wonky ears, regular buds dont work for me at the gym or on my bike. I need something that holds on for dear life, but still has some decent bass. The original Sony MDR-J10's suited my needs because of how cheap they were and it was my first experience with the 'earhook' style. Unfortunately, they were very tinny with barely any bass. Given how cheap they were, and how frequently one of the ears just stopped working, I went through all for 4 pairs in a matter of 2 years.The Sennheisers were my experiment with buying more expensive buds in the hopes that they'd sound much better. Sadly, while they did produce decent bass, they were woefully quiet, even with the built in volume adjustment. Also, the area where the cable turns into the jack was super weak and became exposed and frayed within a few months of office use.The Sony MDR-AS20Js actually sounded pretty good, but the weird full ear loop design made them really uncomfortable. The wires on these seemed just as fragile as the original MDR-J10's as an ear started cutting out soon after I started using them at the gym.I finally tried a pair of thePhilips Flexible Earhook Headphones SHS3200/28 (Black) (Replaces SHS3200/37). Not only do these have great rage of sound, but they're the most comfortable buds I've ever worn. Now, understand that I have odd shaped ears apparently, and not everybody will love the way these feel. The bass is amazing without drowning out the high end. The volume is amazing, almost too loud at times. I'm using these with my Mac Pro and my iPod Shuffle 2nd generation. Just received my 2nd pair so I can leave one at the office and use the other at the gym instead of bringing them back and forth. Hopefully they last a bit longer than the 6 month average I'm working on. I'll update if either pair dies. So far, so good.
To me, looking for a quality pair of headphones is like looking through a box of buttons for the exact color. I am picky at times with my purchases of headphones and I have dissatisfied many, many *cough Maxell cough* times. I tried a pair of Maxell headbuds, but judging by my review you'd know that didn't go as planned. So on my way to Target. I was shocked, they had a bigger headphones selection than Best Buy and Circuit City combined. So many to choose from, so little time. I looked at mostly earbud models and clip headphones (the one that have a clip behind the ear). That still left a lot so I minimized my search from eliminating those with white cords and brands I'm not so sure about, even then I ended up with some choice. They had my trusty MDRE828LP earbuds by Sony, but for some reason Sony must've jacked up the price because they were thirteen bucks and I know Walmart has them for half that price. Left were Sony clip earbuds, two kinds of Philips clip speakers that were priced differently, and these. Sorry, I had to bulge, or in other words by two sets. One of those sets did end up to be these, the Philips SHS3200 clip earbuds, and I must say, I'm a bit dissappointed. Great sound quality, they were only ten bucks, but do not fit my ears. They don't have a ton of extra bells to them, but they do what they say.The sound of these are great. When plugged into my iPod I did get a good sound to them. They have a really nice bass sound, that is consistent at higher volumes, but like all headphones I did get some distortion at higher volumes if the bass booster was on. The mids are a bit more coarse at higher volumes, but they do sound very balanced to me. It seems the closer the actual speaker was to my ear, the more satisfing the mids were. They also have a nice, clear treble, that makes them perfect for audiobooks and speech. But overall, these have a nice, balanced sound with a bit of a punch in the bass.For comfort, I wore these for some time and found them to be uncomfortable. They do take some time to get used to so don't expect to flip them on and have a great fit or expect them to feel comfortable in the first week of use, but even then these were way too uncomfortable. The bud was too big for my ear, and kept drilling into my ear. They probably will fit larger ears but do not fit my (i'd say kinda small to average) ears. After wearing them for only 30 minutes I did eventually start to feel pressure on my ears. The earhook is flexible and comfortable but I think Philips spend too much on the flexible hook than the actual earbuds. I got a bit tripped up on the Amazon listing; they have a metal thing in the hook and when it said flexible hook I thought that you can move the hook. Remeber these are only ten bucks so they don't do much more than the packaging lists.These have an L-shaped cord so these won't die from plug issues and the cord is a long, four feet so you won't feel like you're on a leash while using your MP3 player or other device. Also know these come in both white and black. For other plus points, the cord is wrapped heavily so there's a good chance these will last longer than most other headphones. My Sony MDRE828LP earbuds still work but the cord is coming apart due to normal wear-and-tear of my headphones, so these will likely last longer. Also since they are earbuds they aren't too bulky so they're much better for portable use than the bulky over-the-head style. Another good point is that these have a year warranty, while Sony's lasts only three months.Overall, solid earbuds that don't fit. They have a well balanced sound with great bass, are strudy, and are priced low, but are useless to me since they refuse to fit. Somewhat upsetting because I found nothing wrong with them other than the comfort issue at all. But I've decided that nothing matters if I can't wear them, so they're going back for return, but if you have bigger ears you may want to try these. 3 stars.
It's been less than a week and one of the ear pieces (the right) has started to cut out already.  It started cutting out the first day, but decided to ignore it.  I don't have the time to return these, so I'll keep using them until they cut out completely.
I wear headphones nearly all of my waking hours (and sometimes even when I'm sleeping), and for the last few years I've mainly been using these. They're quite comfortable. I hardly even notice I'm wearing them most of the time. They generally don't irritate the skin on my ears, even though I wear them all the time.I'm not an audiophile, but the sound quality seems OK. I generally don't notice any real deficiency.They are not at all durable, though. I've probably gone through 8 pairs of these in 3 years. Over time, the glue in the mesh above the speakers wears out and then the black ring and mesh want to fall out and get lost, and without those the headphones are a lot less comfortable. Also, it's common for one of the headphones to die after several months, possibly due to a bad connection in the wires near the jack. If none of the above two issues ends up breaking one of these headphones, after a year or so the volume will start to die down. But they're so cheap that I just keep buying them anyway.One annoying thing is that I think the 3.5mm jack is either not shaped quite right out-of-the-box, or it gets bent/deformed more easily than other jacks; as a result, it will often start to randomly trigger the headset features of phones and tablets.They are not very comfortable when lying on your side in bed, though I guess most people don't do that with headphones on...
I have trouble keeping traditional ear buds comfortably in my ears and noise-isolating ear buds make me feel like an ear infection is coming on due to sealing the ear canal. I had some good luck with a pair of my wife's Sony ear hook ear buds and thought I would give Philips a chance. As expected the audio quality from these ear buds is quite good, as is typical of Philips products, much better than the equivalently priced Sony model. The fitment, however, is imperfect. The buds are arranged the way traditional ear buds are, to the ear hook holds them loosely outside the ear rather than any significant portion of the speaker bud fitting in the ear. This causes them to feel loose and require some fiddling. This looseness can also be a problem if you wear glasses. Despite the problems, however, they are still a worthy product (for me, at least) as they're a good compromise point: better sound at the cost of only some discomfort.
These headphones are great. They're comfortable, don't fall off during workouts, don't short out due to sweating, don't hurt your ears after long workouts, have better quality sound and more bass than many others that have cost me a whole lot more. The rubber rings around the buds don't fall off and they last and last and last, especially if you don't step on them. So far, nothing else I have tried matches these especially considering the kind of workouts that I do (i.e. yoga, hot yoga, pilates (all of which have you upside down a lot), regular gym workouts, walking, etc. Unheard of price for the quality and especially since they don't hurt or fall apart easily.  For what I need, they're the best. I'm a happy customer. I keep two or three sets hanging around so I don't have to do without. They were easy to order, arrived earlier than expected and were packaged very well. Thank you so much - really appreciate it!
I was looking for a cheap pair of headphones that hook on the ear.  I was worried about buying this given the mixed feedback and cheap price.  Gotta say I love it.  It sounds good, and the hooks are flexible enough to not get crushed and broken in my pockets.  It doesn't seem to perfectly fit my ears, but it's design keeps it firmly in place.  Even shaking my head vigorously doesn't make them fall.  I've had them almost a month and there doesn't seem to be any sign of damage or fatigue.My only problem is I wish the individual headphone cord lengths were longer (so the divide in the cord closer to the jack), but that's purely a matter of personal preference.I love these headphones and will probably buy them again.Edit: After about 3-4 months, one of the ear pieces broke.  Keep in mind I'm pretty rough on them, they were damaged while in my pocket.
I bought these in the hopes of using them at the gym. I already own the Sony MDR-J10. They work OK and the sound is OK, but the 'over the ear' function is pointless bc it hovers over the top of my ear. So I still find myself pushing them back in all the time -- they're basically just earbuds.Same problem with these. I thought the 'flexibe earhook' would help, but no. The earhook is a little smaller, but it still just hovers. Also, while on the others they actual speaker part at least fits in my ear, on these headphones that part barely fits in my ear. i have to really jam it in here, and if i bounce around too much it falls out easily. Actually, i am currently just sitting here typing and one has already basically fallen out. Guess I can't return them, either since the box must be totally damaged to try them out (didn't buy from Amazon...and paid more too)...so maybe these will just be a spare pair of desk headphones.I will say that the sound on these is FAR superior to the sonys. I have a pair of Philips surround sound earbuds for work that are great too. I am a girl but I don't think my ears are that small...it just seems that all of the earhook headphones are geared towards a larger ear to hook onto.
The sound quality of these buds is actually very good. Great bass quality and great high range sounds as well. The fit however is not. The hooks are much too large for my ears(which are somewhat on the small side I suppose) and end up providing no support at all. The bud itself is too large to go in my ear canal without massive amounts of pain being caused. Which forces me to have them sit awkwardly pointing at my ear rather than sitting inside. The hooks then end up pointing outwards and makes it look like I am wearing some odd form of hearing aid.In short if you have small ears and/or a small ear canal(I would say that if normal ear buds fit tightly and snugly in your ears that your ears are around the same size as mine), then these buds will definitely be too large for you
I bought these headphones out of desperation while in Denmark when my previous Sonys failed. (I will preface this by saying I paid a lot more than the $6.99 listed here, so my expectations were somewhat higher.)They were secure around my ears, but the actual speakers fit poorly into my ears, so there wasn't much seal. When using them on a noisy rowing machine, I had to crank the volume up to about 80% on my iPod to keep the song audible. That said, for city bicycling, where it was definitely not good to be blocking out all other sounds, they were quite practical.The cord was an ongoing nuisance. Every pair of headphones I've had has had some tangling, of course, but this has a very thing cord that seems to kink quite easily. Even after untangling, it gives the feeling that it almost wants to spring back to its tangled mess.Ultimately, though, the main reason for the 1-star is that after about seven weeks, the things failed. The plug no longer fits in securely, so I need to massage it to be just right in the 3.5mm socket to keep my music from sounding like a distant echo. Spend a bit more on Amazon and get something better.
I've had 3 pairs of these headphones.  They don't last very long, but I love the behind the ear design (I have small ears and they stay on when I run). I've had a pair where one ear bud cease functioning; another pair the end of the cord disconnected and there were wires showing. However, the most recent problem I've had with them and why I will NEVER buy them again is that when I plug them into speakers at work or put on my coat or do anything that might create static electricity with them connected is that they send shocks in my ears. If I am at work and move my wheeled chair at all it shocks me. This also happened with the previous pairs every once in a while, but I thought it was just a random occurence. However, its most definitely a product flaw across the board.
I bought these because I wanted a cheap pair of headphones to wear when I'm at the gym and immediately after trying them on, I regret doing so.Sound is mediocre but that's not the reason for the 1 star rating; I didn't expect anything out of these headphones other than them fitting into my ear and being able to hear my music out of them. The problem is that these are painful to my ears and even when I manage to get them in, they only loosely stay in and fall out with little trouble. I'm not saying these are slightly uncomfortable, I'm saying these are really painful. I couldn't keep these in my ears for any longer than a few minutes before taking them out.I'm returning them and going with something else.
I just got these last week and I wear them at my desk. As many have mentioned, after wearing these for more than 20-30 minutes your earlobe starts to hurt.But my main issue with these is that they have shocked me twice so far on my ear. I started to notice that they were producing static noise and I was not sure why. After a couple of days I thought I felt a shock on my ear but it was so light that I ignored it. But the next day as I was putting 1 in my ear and I felt a shock on my ear that was significantly stronger than the last.Needless to say I won't be using my brand new Pillips headphones for fear of getting a strong jolt of electricity.
I had a old pair of these. They lasted me from 2007 until 2 weeks ago. Almost 9 years of use. My advice to users, just make sure you are careful. They'll last damn near forever. I was impressed by the lifespan of these earbuds. Most professional top of the line earbuds, headphones, and even gaming headphones dont even last close to 9 years. The sound is good, audiophiles will disagree but thats to be expected. As long as youre careful these will last you forever. The use these went through astounds me that they kept up so well. Many snowy blizzards, many heavy rains and downpours, and more. For me these lasted me longer than just about anything.
i'm a petite woman.  The size of the earhook is too large for my ears.  It said "flexible" in the product name and includes this product description "15mm speaker driver optimizes wearing comfort 3D flexible earhook ensures secure fit in all ear sizes." But the headphones cannot hang on my ears.  i'm very disappointed.  I hope that either the company produces different sizes of the earhook or the description should include the actual size of the earhook of the current product.My conclusion is that this type of products should not be ordered online without knowing the exact size information of the earhook.
I've owned several pair of headphones, and actually have found these to be better than any others. I've had other types, and better brands, but still find these the best for working out at the gym. Although I've experienced no difficulty fitting them over my average size ears, I've found others to be even much more envolved. I also find that inexpensive ear phones, have to be replaced every few months (no matter what brand), because they break from "vibration/noise" fatigue, after so many hours of use. If not that the thin wires used eventually break from being wound after usage. At this price they are an unbeatable item.
I wanted a pair of headphones for the gym that do not fit into the ear (like buds) but hang just outside.  These were great in that regard.  They're loud enough and have decent sound (for what they are.)  The ear pieces can be a little hard/uncomfortable, but since they aren't in the ear canal, that wasn't a big deal,  The issue I have is that they don't last.  First the little rubber cover rings will pop-off and get lost.  Then one of the speakers detached from the case.  This happened after about two months use.  I don't think these can handle use in sweaty conditions.  Disappointed in the longevity.
I use these all day. I bought them to replace another pair I had that kept catching my earrings. The ear hook was a complete loop and so it made wearing the earrings a problem. I like that these don't catch since it is an open hook that goes over top of the ear. However, the speakers are big and the hook is not adjustable. They don't fit in my ear very well and you cannot adjust the hook to hug your ear. I anticipate shopping around again for a better pair of headphones. If these fit your ears, I think they would work just fine. Since these wouldn't stay in my ears, they ended up in the trash.
The sounds is almost like radio quality. You know, that constant static sound mixed with weird over pronounced ST or SH for some works. There isn't bass. If there is, it's minimal and I have yet to notice it. It does not fit around my ears what so ever. My ears are not that tiny I don't think. The actual buds where the music comes out sticks out and gives me a weird feeling inside my head since the music is distorted and not inside of my ear. You can hear everything with these. Cars, a cat meowing on the other side of the apartment, someone whispering, etc. Definitely not worth it.
This came along with my Phillips Gogear MP3 player. I didn't pay attention to the headphone at first because i already have a Monster. I use this as my secondary headphones and i have to say this thing is very sturdy. It's been more than a year i have been using this headphone pretty recklessly and is still working very good. Sound quality is as awful as those cheap headphones in this price range but I am happy to give 5 stars for its incredibly strong built quality. definitely recommend for frequent travelers, commuters and backpack toting students.
I use them with my iPod shuffle. With the iPod headphones the sound was relatively tinny and the buds fell out when I was running.With these the sound is crisp, crystal clear. They fit snug. Best fitting headphones I've ever had. They don't fall out when running. They are light and comfy. Also, though I don't usually go there, they can go to way high volume.The only quibble is that they aren't white so they don't match the iPod and the cord is a little longer than it needs to be considering I attach my iPod to the bottome of my shirt.
Okay, they're inexpensive, so you can't expect them to be top of the line.They work well enough for jogging with my iPod, but the sound quality is not super and the ear hooks, though flexible and comfortable, are too big for my ears.  Somehow they still manage to stay in place while I'm moving around, so I can't really complain too much, but I was hoping for something that fit a little bit better.Bottom line: if you don't care about really great quality of sound, and if you're ears are on the somewhat larger side, these are a great buy.
These headphones last a really long time and are capable of enduring a lot of being beat around. They are extremely comfortable and stay in your ears without a problem. They are the best all around workout headphones I've ever owned, this was my second pair of these. My first pair lasted me about 4 years, and I used them daily during workouts during my collegiate wrestling career and in the off season as well. They just now started to malfunction after obtaining a cut in the line that prevents one side from functioning correctly.
They hurt my ear holes. I was looking for an ear bud that wouldn't slip during workouts and runs so I was pretty stoked to find an inexpensive pair of sport hooks. The problem is that my ear holes are not large and perfectly circle, that and these buds are not soft or flexxy. These buds hurt so bad that my ear holes would be sore after a couple of workouts.I did spent $10 so I was determined to get some use out of these, but I have had enough. They will spend their days on the dresser as an emergency back up pair.
They were decent enough headphones.  Lasted me 3 years, and they still kind of work.  The audio connector is screwy now.  If it gets bumped too much while I'm running, my phone won't detect that any headphones are plugged in and the music will turn off.  Some days no problems, other days every minute or two I have to reach for my phone and tweak the headphones until they get to that sweet spot where they start to work again.  Despite this, they worked well enough for about 2 years.
After several months of having these nice little ear buds, the jack going into the IPOD started to crackle. As if the wiring was coming loose inside the jack. While running, the IPOD would quit playing because the jack plug does not fit very tight. Just a little bit loose, loose enough to loose connection while running with my 20 GB IPOD on my side.I got my $2.00 worth out of them so no complaints really.I am going to find some better ones next time.
I can't wear earbuds (they fall out of my ears - even the kids' sizes), so I thought these would be a good alternative.  Wrong!  I imagine a lot of females would have trouble with this product.  The hooks are huge, so when I put them over my ears, the actual speaker sits down below my earlobe!  Even if I could hear the music at that level, they still wouldn't stay on if I were running.  I'm returning them the day after they arrived!  :(
I bought these recently and have used them a few times to go running and work out. I think the clips are pretty comfortable and had no trouble with them getting loose or falling out. The audio is okay but I do get a little static when I turn the volume up more than 75%. Also, I noticed that when it's windy out, it seems to it caused some background noise. All in all though, they're a bargain for the price and I would recommend them.
The good:- Very comfortable, both around and inside the ear. The hook is soft rubber, unlike many others with a similar style.- Good, loud sound, especially considering the type of headphone- Can easily be crumpled up and thrown into a pocket with little risk of breaking themThe bad:- They won't last forever. I typically go through about 2 per year
I was so excited when I saw these flexible earphones that I bought two pair. I used to have a pair of another brand that I LOVED, and they quit making them, so I wanted to make sure that when I wore these out that I'd have an extra pair on hand - but it was a big mistake. They are just not the same, and are WAY TOO BIG for my small ears, they keep falling off. If you have small ears DO NOT BUY THESE!!!!
I was looking for headphones that don't fall out when I run. (The new apple earbuds I have always seem to pop out when I'm on the treadmill) I took a chance on these and one just will not stay on one of my ears. I'm a 5'2 female on the smallish side so maybe these would work better for bigger guys. They don't stay on for me. Sound is good, but you are taking a chance if you are a small person I think.
I really like wrap around headphones because they allow for such an amazing range of motion without popping out,  but these just don't do it for me. The shape of the actual speakers is really uncomfortable in your ears especially if you wear a hat over them. Overall i'm not impressed. I ended up buying a pair of "Sony MDR-J10 h.ear Headphones with Non-Slip Design" and absolutely love them.
I am using this earphone for workout and jogging. It is so comfortable and light such as a feather. Also, it has a great durability for unexpected action during the workout.However, this earphone has not a good sound quality as much as high-end earphone products.Especially, Bass part is almost died.If you don't want to use this device for serious listening, please take the other one.
I absolutely love these headphones.  Who the heck needs to spends hundreds of dollars on big gaudy headphones!  These are all you need.  They're super comfortable, unlike ear buds that require you to smash them into your ears.  These rest around the tops of your ears and are very light that you won't even know they're there....and for the price...you seriously cannot beat them!
These are quite possibly the worst ear buds I have ever experienced.  First off, they don't stay on your ears - constantly falling off during a run.  Secondly and unbelievably bazaar, when I run on a treadmill the ear buds will shock my ear - kind of like static electricity - right in my ear.  If I were in your shoes, there are a million of these things out there, so you should look elsewhere.  Extremely disappointed.
Usually I can buy these headphones in Buffalo at Walmart or Target. But I guess they stopped selling these in stores! I bought these on Amazon and when they got here I realized that I LOVED THEM SO MUCH! I came back to Amazon to buy another pair a week later! I need these forever by my side! Don't listen or read the other comments and just buy the damn things! THEY ARE AMAZING!!!
I now have four pairs of these. They are cheap, good, and great for running with. I had one pair for many years that just stopped working on one side. That was not a surprise. It took a beating going in and out of the gym bag weekly. I was happy to see it was still available so I got two white and two black ones for running and working around the yard.
I love these headphones. They're inexpensive, stand up to abuse and have above average sound quality. I have small ears, and these stay in just fine during any activity. The initial sound response is biased towards the high end, but that's easily fixed if you're audio device has an equalizer adjustement. No problems so far, and I use them daily.
Used these for over a year now, and have not had a single issue with them.I commute by bike 3 times a week to work (40 mile round trip), and I have worn these year round. The amount of sweat these have been through is pretty amazing to think about, and the fact that they are still working as good as the first day I used them.
Nice Bass effect and overall a very good sound for the price. There are two Bose noise cancelling phones at home. One for me and one for my dad. These headphones are not comparable to Bose (They are not meant to be). I am citing it here since, having used such headphones am still able to see good sound clarity and bass effect in these.
These are literally the only type of headphones I have bought for years.  They are about $10 in Walmart, and even better here (minus the $13+ shipping to Afghanistan).  Crystal sound, good bass, the only issue is the rubber surround on the earpiece will come off after a couple of months.  If Philips fixed that, these would be perfect.
I bought Philips Flexible Earhook Headphones because my normal headphones always fall out when I jog. These headphones were a great solution to my problem, but they start to become uncomfortable after about an hour of wear. However, that might just be me. I definitely recommend this for those who are seeking headphones for jogging.
I've had these for about 5 months, they have been ok but I have now lost both of the ruber liners and need to replace them, I probably won't get them again.pros:- cheap- decent looking- sound okcons:- wire retains a twist- doesn't fit my ears that great, they can pop out but it's rare- only lasted 5 months.
I actually got this for my friend for the gym, who has got big ears, and it fits him perfectly. It does not fall off and stays in place. But i tried it on, and it kept falling off. I've got tiny ears. The sound is very good for its price range. Its a good buy if you are on a budget and got big ears.
I used to have the sony earbuds that go around your ear, but i lost them. So i decided to buy these, and man these are great! They 're the same quality except i picked these for 5 bucks while the sony ones for 20 bucks. These dont tighten around your neck but they never fall off, BUY THESE
In recent years, I believe I run some 3000 Kilometers with these babies and they just wouldn't quit. Wind, rain, sand and layers of sweat and they keep going. Whenever I read a review and about a 100$ "sport" earphones I just chuckle, some people just enjoy throwing money away...
This earphones shock my ears (as well, as I see others have written the same). In addition to this, normally after about 8 months use, one of the ears stops working. I have had more than one pair (first set stopped working after 6 months and they let me return them) and it was the same with both of them.
When I first got these headphones, they were great. They were comfortable and had fairly good sound quality. But after a couple weeks of use, the rubber around the speakers came off, followed by the screen. Now these hurt like heck and literally caused my ear to bleed. DON'T BUY.
These are awesome. I wear glasses so they fit a little weird but they still stay on my ears at all times. The sound quality is amazing for something that was only 6 bucks. No padding on the earbuds are the only downfall but I don wear them long enough for it to really hurt.
I'm on my sixth pair of these, and they seem to last me around 9 months before breaking. I use them quite a bit (eg exercise, to fall asleep with) so for the price I find that doable. For exercise, most earbuds fall out of my ears, but these stay on just fine.
So I ordered these because... Well, I didn't really need them but you can never have enough earbuds lying around as anyone's who's ever spent more than a few seconds looking for a pair knows. The price was also crazy and I was more than a little curious what kind of quality I would even be looking at in this price bracket.Let's start with the build. Very lightweight (which I guess is what you want with "sport" earbuds) but the real thing I like here is the ear hooks because literally no "normal" earbuds stay in my ears. The actual buds are solid but the cord is akin to something you'd find on those free airline earbuds. Again- not much of a complaint for the price point.Comfort- the standard disc shape buds are of course a love it or hate it style, but like I mentioned earlier the ear hooks seal the deal for me in making these comfy.Audio- I'm not a "hardcore audiophile" but I've owned at one point or another almost every major headphone brand's best midrange headphones as well as a variety of high end amp and dac solutions for listening to music. That's really all I do in my free time is discover music, so believe me when I say I care about good audio. And I didn't expect that from $6 earbuds, but wow. These are surprisingly flat tonally which is surprising and hard to find in the "bass generation" of marketing. That isn't to say they're "tinny" - these things put forth incredibly clear and rich audio across an astonishing soundstage (again, considering what we are working with here.) I don't listen to music very loudly but at a normal volume, drums and bass sounded very tight and wound in and vocals and guitars sparkled through. Orchestral strings shine brightly as well with an airy, clear punch. These aren't going to replace custom molded IEMs or anything, but they shouldn't in all honesty. At $~6 a pair you could practically consider these "disposable" by comparison to nearly everything else. If you live a lifestyle that finds you in positions where nice earbuds could get lost or damaged (or even stolen) these are one of my all time favorite "value product" discoveries.In conclusion, buy these things. If for no other reason, to be stunned at what $6 can do.
Holy moly, I have finally found it: cheap headphones that sound decent andmost importantly to medon't fall outta my ears! Wow. I have them on right now. And I totally love them.My ears are...  I don't know. Alien ears. Toddler ears. Not normal adult human ears, apparently. Because I have never ever EVER found a set of earbuds/headphones that didn't simply drop out of my earsor hurt. In-ear buds hurt me. Even the smallest size inserts are painful. I've also tried the over-ear form factor a few times without success. The speaker was always aimed in a way that I could not hear the sound easily.This has been my experience: brief bouts of hopeful experimentation with looooong stretches of disappointment and resignation. Every once in awhile I get sad and try a new set of headphones just to see if they aren't entirely horrible on me. These Philips headphones were a gamble I figured would disappoint like all the rest. (Do I sound bitter? Dang right I am.) I was afraid to be too hopeful at this price point. I am so delighted to tell you, however, that my very low expectations have been happily blown to bits. TO BITS. These Philips "earhook" style phones are soooo comfy. And I can waggle my head all around without them falling out! Heck, they don't even move. Huzzah!Because the speaker is aimed well for my tiny ear canals, I can hear the music really well. Even the bass parts sound pretty dang good. Certainly amazingly well for this price.The only niggle is that I wish there was a volume control on the cord. I'm still very happy with them, though. If you are similarly afflicted with weirdo ears, I'd encourage you to give these a try. Good luck!
First, let me just say in case you don't want to read the entire review:These are great sounding headphones that don't block out the outside world and will actually very comfortably stay in your ears. Simple, but hard to find!Now for more details...I picked these up at WM for $10 on a lark not expecting much. Boy was I surprised! (I will be buying more here on Amazon)I'm an "audiophile" so I'm very picky about sound quality and the fit & finish of a headphone. I own many higher end headphones and these have easily become my favorite ones that I wear most and for the following reasons:- They surprisingly sound great! Easily comparing to much much more expensive ones. No they're not high-end, but they have a full, rich and satisfying quality of sound about them, rich deep bass (not cheap booming), tame mids (not boxy) and sparkling but not brash highs.- They, (get this!) actually stay IN your ears and once they're on you easily don't even notice them. No sweaty ears like full size cans. And unlike most in-ear or earbud styles these stay in your ears without you constantly fiddling with them. Period. You put them on, enjoy your music and get on with life.- They block *some* noise; but just enough to so that you can hear the music clearly, but still open enough to easily hear your surroundings. These are NOT "in-ear" headphones and will not isolate you from the real world if that's your thang.- Last, they are very lightweight and minimalist. Just the minimum components needed to provide a great listening experience and comfortable fit. No loud colors, no flashy look at me logos. Just plain elegant styling.Buy these, as many others have already said, you will NOT regret it. Seriously. Thank you Philips!
Do not buy these. Bought these to use with my new tablet to watch movies on an international flight. Didn't really test them out before the flight and literally popped them out of the packaging the night I was packing. Ear clips were comfortable enough, ear buds weren't and wouldn't seat properly to seal the ear canal resulting in a lot of ambient noise getting to the ear muddying the sound coming from he ear buds, which aren't that loud even with the volume maxed out on my tablet. Tried it with my phone and had the same experience. Drives do an ok job reproducing dialogue frequencies however the extra bass they advertised on the packaging is a joke. It sounds like an ant scratching on a piece of paper in your ear. In the end these were so bad after getting tired of having to press the ear buds into my ears. I gave up and opted to use one of the disposable ear buds from the plane which did a much better job. End of story stay far away from these. Read on for my pass experience with philips clip on headphones.Firstly I am not a heavy headphone user. My main uses which are occasional tend to be limited to on flights and if listening to notes in the library. The only reason I bought these were because of my pass experiences with philips ear clip headphones namely the SHS3701/27 which lasted me almost 5 years and I finally threw out due to the decaying foam padding. Then next the SHS4700/28 which I absolutely love but my wife commandeered from me for her own use when we got married. Both of these headphones were awesome and was disappointed to find that they had been discontinued. I have always bought philips headphones since I believe they use to offer one of the best sound sound quality to price ratios for my use. Hopefully they'll bring back one of the discontinued models namely the SHS4700/28.
I gave these a 4 star rating mainly because of price. It would be impossible to find a "good" pair of headphones for less than $10, so you have to know what you're getting into when you buy these. They don't sound awesome, they aren't super good quality, you wouldn't use these as your main headphones. My review is going to sound negative, but just know that I am evaluating the actual quality of the item and comparing it to the inexpensive price.The sound is sub-par. They sound a little "tinny" and hardly have any bass response. They're okay for working out, that's about it. While I'm running or lifting weights I don't need to focus on the detail of the music I'm listening to, it's just nice to have something to listen to other than the boring gym music. Even still, I was unimpressed with the sound quality, but I guess that's what you get for the low price.The ear hooks are awesome. They sit on my ears perfectly and hold the headphones in place. I didn't ever feel like they were going to fall off, or slip out of my ears. I run pretty fast, do pull ups, weights, etc. They stay in my ears securely through everything. I bought these purely for working out so they won't fall out of my ears and they do that perfectly.The shape of the actual earbud is weird though. It might be the shape of my ear canal too, but towards the end of my hour long workouts they start to hurt my ears. Again, this might be a personal thing, but the earbud shape bothers my ears after long use.Overall I gave these a 4 star because they do exactly what I bought them to do, and the price makes them almost disposable. I couldn't ask much more than that. Whenever I have to buy another pair, I probably wouldn't buy these again just because they hurt my ears a little... but again... can't beat the price!
I bought these headphones to use while at the gym working out. My regular earbuds would always fall out after a few minutes, and anytime the cord was touched or hit my body I'd hear it over the music, which got pretty annoying. I decided that any earbud type headphone wouldn't work for the gym even if it did have clips or some attachment system.The Philips headphones are pretty low end in terms of sound quality - but then again, what do you expect for less than $10? They definitely get loud enough and the mids and trebles are decent, though I do wish there was more power in the low end. Maybe its just a function of the actual speakers resting on the ear canal instead of creating a solid, airtight fit with the ear like earbuds do. If you press these ones in your ear with your finger you'll get a lot more bass, but no way to keep them there (and it'd be uncomfortable). So if you're looking for deep bass, I wouldn't recommend these. But for most people who just want some decent music, or who are listening to news/podcasts, I think the sound quality is totally fine.The construction of the actual headphone and hooks is pretty good and seems relatively durable. The cord is a good length, it reaches my shorts pocket with an extra 6 or 12 inches to spare, which is great if you're moving around. It might be a bit too much extra cord if you have an arm-attached music player, but then again you may be able to wrap up the extra cord. The cord itself isn't the greatest - it feels somewhat thin/cheap and it has retained the kinks that were there from the folded up packaging when I received the item. But no real complaints as the cord quality doesn't affect the overall usage, its just a bit different than the cord on my higher end (i.e. $30) Sony earbuds.Overall I'm pretty happy with the headphones. They have decent sound and don't transfer noise through the cord, they stay in my ear with no issues, and they were very inexpensive. I definitely recommend them if you want something to use at the gym or while working out. If you are an audiophile or have unlimited funds, then I'm sure there are better products out there and these Philips aren't for you. But then again, you probably wouldn't be even reading this review : )
As I was packing for a fairly long trip recently, I realized that I had left my favorite headphones in my apartment several hours away. So I grudgingly headed to Wal-Mart, my first mistake, and sought out a pair of Sony MDR-J10 headphones, a model that I've owned probably a dozen pairs of in the last five years. This sounds bad for the Sony's but the reason they wear out so fast is that I use them when running, working outside, etc. In other words, not the kind of circumstances that are going to have me breaking out my Bose or Grado cans. I love those damned headphones. For bargain-basement buds, they have THE best quality and comfort I have ever experienced. But like all products that I love, Wal-Mart decided to stop selling them.Instead, hanging on the rack were these little monsters. They looked pretty similar to the Sony's, so I figured I would give them a go. Trying them on briefly before I left the house, I noticed they felt a little too snug, but thought nothing of it.Later that day, I plugged them into my iPod and sat back to enjoy the music.After about 5 minutes with these phones on, my ears felt like they were bleeding. I tried relentlessly to shift them around in my ears to find a comfortable position, but to no avail. Now I'm a big, 6'4" guy and would guess that my ears are roughly proportional to my frame... that is to say, larger than average. Which leaves me wondering: who are these designed for? Masochists? Giants? Elephants?Eventually I decided to peel off the rubber ring around the bud in an attempt to reduce the diameter of the piece in the only way possible, though this provided little relief. Eventually I gave up and located an ultra-generic pair of earbuds in a Flying J Truck Stop. Yes, that's what I was reduced to. Electronics shopping in a place where I'm accustomed to seeing large, unwashed men do coke lines off the sink in the bathroom. Curiously, I quite like that set of headphones.AVOID THESE WHATEVER YOU DO.
These clip earbuds are the best you would ever get for AT LEAST $100 more. I got these for Christmas 2010, but never really used them until around Sept. 2011 due to all my headphones breaking (mysteriously around the same time, I might add...). I don't think I'll be able to form sentences now, so here:- with one in, at about 50% on an iProduct the other one is loud (meaning sound(and even vocals) easily distinguishable for 5 feet from the one not in your ear)- when both are in place, not a even the slightest sound is leaked through, not until 75% at least- 50% volume on this is the equivalent to about 105% on most earbuds I've used- absolutely, do not EVER, turn it up all the way!!! When I say EVER, I mean you WILL GO DEAF! No joke!- if it's loud in one place, turn down the headphones before you take them out- too many times I've left them on 75% when it's loud, then lost hearing for a few seconds when I turn them on in quiet- these earbuds also have one of the longest cords I've seen with earbuds or headphones! Easily 4', prob 5'.- I will often forget these are even in my ear at all. I sometimes get yelled at by my teachers even though it's not playing because I forget they're there- the thing is, on my DC Trip I lost the little rubber gummy ring on my left earbud. I cannot tell the difference between the two AT ALL- theyre also quite durable. I've sometimes been taking them out and dropped them and steeped on them. Nothing- I'm not gonna say I would have payed $100-$175 before using them, because that would seem ridiculous. But they're definitely worth that priceTO SUM IT UP:BUY THE EARBUDS!!!!! Don't waste a couple hundred bucks on the same quality!
I have left a review for these before but I feel the need to do so again. I do not remember the first year I bought these but I want to say 2006. I have not found a better sport earphone since. The most expensive I have bought were Bose and everything in-between. Maybe Bose were all-around better sound quality(maybe) but these get way louder and have way more bass. Now, I am no child but I need loud music when I am working out and out of motivation. I am military and have used these in every climate imaginable  and have used them in thousands of workouts. I would say possibly closer to 5 or 10,000. I have only had sweat drown out the sound a couple times. I buy probably 2 pairs per year due to lost/breaking/stolen etc. I promise that if I found a pair that sounded much better than these for under, let's say, 300.00 I would buy them in a heartbeat. I never have found better. I feel like people say things like,"these sound great for the price" because?.....they think they are supposed to? They sound great! Period! You reviewers are so darn weird. OK, we get it! They do not fit in smaller ears! OK, the rubber comes off some times and you can lose it. Got it! They cost 10.00! I glued mine anyway. I am not saying you will love these like I have. What I am saying is I have found this product to be so great over the years that I feel obligated to say this. A high quality item and a crazy low price. I would pay over 100.00 for these. You reviewers make me question reviews in general because I wonder if they were a hundred bucks if you would say something like, " worth every penny! Sound quality second to none!!!" Sheesh, for the price they are a crazy steal.
I have a problem with earbuds. I can't wear them. My ears simply aren't designed for them. I've tried the standard ones that come with the iPod, and they fall out. I've tried the $50 in-ear Apple earbuds, and no matter how carefully I position them in there, they eventually fall out. I found a pair of these Philips headphones at Target one day, and the over-the-ear design seemed like a pretty good solution. I took the $10 gamble, and I was really surprised by how well they worked for me. I can run on the treadmill with these, and they stay put. On top of that, they're very light and comfortable. I wear these at work almost all day with no discomfort whatsoever. In terms of sound quality, these are obviously far from audiophile quality, but they perform well enough for me in medium-noise environments such as the office or the gym.My only complaint is that these aren't the most durable headphones on the market, as I just bought my third pair. In my experience, after about a year of use, one of the channels will inevitably give out. But honestly, for $10, a year of use isn't too bad if you ask me. I recently had to replace my old pair, and I couldn't find these at my trusty ol' Target. In a pinch, I just bought another over-the-ear set by Magnavox for the same price, and they were awful. They didn't fit my ears at all, they were uncomfortable, and the sound quality was noticeably worse than my old pair. I was relieved to see that Amazon stocks these, and I'm happy to have 'em back. Judging by the mixed reviews, I suppose your mileage may vary, as everyone's ears are a little different. However, these are the only earbuds that work for me.
Well have you bought a pair yet? If not then why not? They are cheap. I bought these at my local walmart on a whim when I wanted some headphones for laptop/iPod/school computers. I saw they had hooks and said to myself, "They are $10 bucks if I don't like them I can always return them." I like them better than buds of any kind with no hooks and possibly more than conventional over-ear/head headphones as far as fit. They WILL get uncomfortable after a while of wearing them. The diameter of the speaker is good for fit but it will be uncomfortable when it is securely inside your ear canal after a period of time. If you don't take thirty seconds to situate them properly they are bound to fall off; however they will stay put if you do take the miniscule time to adjust them to your ear. Anecdotal Evidence of quality:  I took a nasty spill while riding a skateboard with these in my front most pouch of my backpack which afterwards is tattered severely, all things considered, and these took some abuse too. The cord in several places looks like something chewed on them or possibly like I took sandpaper to them. There is even some copper braid (1mm<=) exposed from the 'sanding'. They sound the same as when I bought them .  These would get five stars if they didn't have any cons, but they do and no matter how small they are that means even for $10 you don't get a perfect score. Four stars equates to a rating of 'I like it' that fits my sentiments exactly because five means 'I love it' and I don't love them (nor any inanimate objects ;P) To sum up for the  price they are fantastic.
All the rage now is earbuds that are "inner ear" with rubber plugs and noise isolating. Yes, thats fine at home. But what about when you are out somewhere? Out in the world, you need a little sourrounding background noise so you dont get run over by a Prius. Also, probably more importantly, lots of people still don't like the inner ear earbuds because they dont like shoving things inside their head. And, the few "speaker type" earphones that remain are of increasingly less quality. Enter, the Philips Flexible Earhook. Yes, the earhook is quite flexible. Should fit most size ears unless you play for the NBA or are otherwise a mutant. In other words, they stay where you put them. They dont fall off. And they are simply speakers that sit in your ears, not your inner ear. Thats what some people like. Also, the wires run from the front (near the speaker), notthe back of the earhook, so wires are just as easy to manage as a normal earbud. But the real reason these are winners? THE SOUND. You will not, and I have looked, find a speaker type compact earphone anywhere else in this price range that will not only match, but EXCEED the sound quality of an inner-ear earbud. Simple, sturdy, thoughtfully designed, able to hear ambient noise out in the world, black in color so I dont actually look like one of "those people" who walk around in their own little earbud world, and THE SOUND. Oh, and did I mention THE SOUND? Look to your right on the screen, and see the little yellow box that says "Add to Cart"? Click it. Now. Twice.
I had some Skull Candy's of a similar style that I got caught on a fence and destroyed while doing yard work. I decided to buy a new pair, but Amazon did not sell the ones I wrecked. So I reached on these given they were a decent price and they had the over-the-ear hooks I like to use while running and doing yard work (I'm much more careful now...)The sound is good, not great. I can hear my music, have decent base response, and volume is never too loud or too quiet.  Actually, the seem to rest just outside the ear a tad which makes them pretty good for running as you can hear outside noise (like cars and others on the bike trails) without it being too interfering with your music. I have been caught in the rain and I sweat when running and the earbuds seem to hold up really well to moisture.They are a tad stiff, unlike the skull candy pair I had before. They can get a little uncomfortable after a long time.  Sounds nit-picky, but when you have been running for an hour, sometimes that becomes important.  If they had a little more comfort, I would have given them five stars. They also have very little room to adjust them, which means they will pretty much only sit in one spot and cannot mold well to your ear shape (probably why they cause slight discomfort after prolonged use).I really cannot complain.  They have lasted for a few months and many miles.  I also have not lost them to a bad yard-work accident like the last pair.  I'd buy them again, if I could not fund the Skull Candy pair I had before.
I used to buy these as my preferred headphones, often in a pinch they were available at Walgreens, so I was happy to have a familiar everyday headphone pair.  That was maybe 5 or 6 years ago...  I was needing new headphones and could not decide on several pairs, so I bought these thinking I would at least have an old favorite while I tested the market options... ugh...They used to be a lot better.  The ear band is not made of the same material and I find it stiff and uncomfortable in comparison.  The wire is much thinner and not covered in the same material.  I think maybe this is to prevent the weird "rub" sounds, I don't know, but the cord is unacceptably thin.I thought that the ear band used to have a slight ability to rotate to adjust to different ears, and these do not seem to do that anymore.  Maybe I am mistaken, but I thought these used to do that.I know I should not expect amazing things for 10 dollars these days, but these are just going in my drawer with my other backup headphones and I am back looking for a new favorite.I will not be looking at these again, which is really a bummer to me, after using them for many years.  At least I have kids who always seem to break theirs, so it isn't a total waste.If you are not very active, the thin wires may not be an issue, but I feel that one snag would kill these.
I bought these because they were the cheapest ear hooks on Amazon at the time. I buy several pair at a time when I do buy them because I am not gentile on them at all. The majority of the time I listen to audiobooks which do not require a lot of dynamic range in the sound quality. Usually, I buy the cheap plastic sony ear hooks but these were cheaper at the time and since I was just going for cheap I bought these as they were 8 and the sony were 10 at the time. Anyway, point being, these cheap little ear hooks have fantastic sound for such little and in expensive things but let me go on.1. The ear hooks are rubber and comfortable enough to fit around my giant gigantic man ears but small enough to fit around my wife's quite dainty tiny ears without me even feeling them even on long use. (also, the cheapie sony ear hooks wont fit her ears because they are just too big, they fall off when she runs.)2. Quite incredible sound. I mean don't get me wrong they aren't my studio headphones but they sound better then every other low cost ear hooks on the market and I can say that with full confidence. Also, I have found myself actually listening to music instead of my audiobooks because it just sounds so good.3. In summary, these are quite honestly the best and I mean the best low cost ear hooks you can buy.
I'm not the biggest fan of in-ear head phones because they tend to start to hurt my ears after wearing them for a length of time or if I keep putting and pulling them out my ear. It could be becaue of my small ears I duno.. So why did I get these then? Well for one it's the price (I didn't see spending more than this on a pair of headphones that I'm only wearing for 2 hours max each day) and because of the ear hook feature so that once it starts to hurt I just keep it hooked onto my ear and just let the music play...Pros:-I needed a pair f headphones that I could use on my way to classes.-If I just want to listen to music in one ear i just hook the other ear piece onto my shirt so that's it's not dangling all over the place while I'm walking.-If I'm listening to music in one ear and that ear starts to hurt I can just switch ears.-good quality sound- pretty much surround sound. I don't listen to loud music so I haven't tested out the FULL volume feature.Cons:-If I'm listening to music and I put my phone into my winter coat something happens where static goes up to the ear pieces and starts to crackle in my ears which freaks me out and I have to pull it out.-the comfort- it was expected anyway because all in-ear headphones hurt my ears.
These headphones have lasted quite a while. Once in a while they'll fall apart, but they're very easy to slip right back into place, however, I've always noticed that they'll shock me. Without fail, if I am plugged into something that is supposed to be grounded, such as a computer, or a treadmill with headphone jacks, these will shock me. This is absolutely awful when you're running on the treadmill and gives you a big enough jump to scare you so much that you almost fall off of a treadmill. It's loud and painful when it happens. It never happens with things that aren't plugged in though. My iPod works just fine with these. The sound isn't bad at all, especially not at this price. They fit on my ears nicely as well. Unfortunately the shock is enough to bump the score way down for me. I realize that these aren't for exercising, so that was going to just knock it down to three stars, but I was just sitting here listening to music on Youtube through my computer's headphone jack, and I got that shock! So, we've learned two lessons here:1. Don't use these for a computer/treadmill/anything plugged into an outlet, unless you want a boost that'll shake you right up in the morning.2. Don't sweat on these; it doesn't say that they are sweat-resistant for a reason. Don't expect them to be!
I'm a funkjazz, old school hip hop, r&b;, old school r&b; lover! I first bought these head phones only because the had earhooks made together with the ear plugs. You know simple grip grab'n go design. I also had stepped up my mp3 from a philips to a sansa. WoW these little babies rock! I'm on my 2nd pair in two years. They are one of the best pair of headphones i've ever owned. Cant believe they are so inexpensive! The only thing is that i wish they were little more durable! I mean they could use some cement glue to make sure the speakers dont come out of the mount. But in all honesty i tuck them in my shirt pocket along with my 4gig mp3 in the morning when i walk to my 18wheeler. So i might be a little ruffer than most on them. When i'm driving in my rig i can listen to my music play list of funkjazz 60 songs straight! They are comfortable and the speakers catch all of the notes in the songs. I'm listening to MAGIC MIKE's GETTING OFF as i'm writing this piece. Funky...funky...funky! Any old school cats who know that MAGIC MIKE's bass notes are not for the faint of heart. I can go from BONEY JAMES to MICHEL FRANKS to NORMAN BROWN to TUPAC to TROUBLE FUNK to THE ROOTS to THE SPINNERS to SMOKEY ROBINSON to MARVIN GAY to GOSPEL and these headphones never let me down!
I've been using these headphones while working out and running for the past 3 years. They wear out after about 6-9 months depending on how much use they get and how much sweat and abuse they have to endure. They only come in one size and that one size happens to fit my ears perfectly. They are clearly marked L and R and they clip on easily and securely. Apparently the one size didn't work out well for my wife who couldn't get one of them to stay on her ear. Her ears have a different shape than mine and for whatever reason the plastic earhook wasn't flexible enough to work for her.I have no complaints about the sound quality, but if you're in a gym or running on a street you shouldn't be worried about achieving optimum sound quality - save that for the Bose comfort headphones. My only complaint is that after a little while the cord tends to get all twisted/tangled and annoying to deal with. I always tuck it under my shirt and through my sleeve to my armband IPod case, but the part of the cord that sticks out from neck can be annoying.Overall if you're looking for something functional and secure for running and working out you can't do better than these headphones for less than $10.
I bought these several months ago because the standard iPhone earbuds were just to small to stay put in my ear while working out at the gym. They would always find a way to work themselves loose and out of my ear. These headphones from philips did a great job of staying put. I never had them pop out on me. The earhook and large earbud stays right where you put them. They are not the most comfortable earbuds though. They have no padding but are made of a softer texture of rubber. After working out with them on 5 days a week for a month or two, the rubber hardened up and became uncomfortable. Probably from all the sweat they were exposed to. Eventually after 3 or 4 months of near every day usage at the gym the earbuds rubber seal actually dissolved to the point where rust colored metal was leaking out of the sides. I threw them away at this point.All in all, they fit a lot better than the iPhone earbuds and more importantly they stayed in place when doing vigorous running. The sound was only so-so quality wise, but the loudness was good. I was able to drown out the other machines and sounds at the gym. They put up with quite a beating. For the price they are at, they are a good value for basic gym headphones.
great! with shipping it was only $6ok for those of you wondering these headphones are not just for some mp3 player, this works on , psp, whatever with the same size.I'm am going to compare my old headphones which broke (included with ipod touch and classic) with these headphones and show both sides good and badPhilips ...it's black. I prefer black over white. Especially with my BLACK ipod i don't know who decided to put white headphones with a black ipod classic ugh...i think the sound is louderear hooks are comfortable and stay on. However they are a little bit exaggeratedlooks harder to break. by it's plug there's plastic instead of the rubber that rips from the original ipod headphonesIpod headphones (that comes with Ipod)they are easier to wear, it takes an extra moment or two to wear the philips headphonesboth of them hurt your ears a little after using them for some time. I am using the philips headphones right now my ears hurt a little i wore them for a couple hours...oh and the best part is that they are cheaper XD for real you would be a fool to pay more for headphones when you could get this quality at such a good bargain (yes im advertising so what)
I've ordered this product probably about four or five times in the past couple of years. They can and are able to last for years if you're careful. The first one I ordered only one side broke after months and months of heavy use (I listen to music a lot!). Since only hearing one side is awful, I ordered them again. That broke after a year and a half. Now I am using the one I ordered a month or two ago and they're still going strong. The other two I ordered was for my brothers because they saw mine and noticed I had them for a while, while the ones they get at the store cost more and don't last as long. This product is also nice because they stay secured on your ears because of the hook design. It's comfortable enough for earphones, no complaints there. Not the best sound quality but it's clear enough and packs enough bass for me (keep in mind, these are not headphones and they are a great price for what you get.) So, if you're looking for high quality earphones to use in the studio or you're really trying to hear all the highs and lows of every song, this pair isn't for you. But, if you're normal an just want a good pair of earphones that'll last you awhile and still have good quality sound, order up!
I bought these headphones about 4 months ago and the first few times I used them they were great.  Admittedly they did hurt my ears on my first run, but I put soft foam covers on them from another set of headphones (these don;t come with them) the next time and they were fine.  So I continued using them for the next few months and then started having a problem with the sound getting scratchy and cutting in and out.  I had a case on my phone, so I took that off, and that seemed to help for a while.  Not long after that the sound cut out completely on the right side, i made sure there were no kinks any where, and there weren't, so this was irritating, but I let it go hoping that the next time I used them they would be ok; they weren't.  On my next run, I got about half way through and the sound cut completely out on both sides.  It was really scratchy for half the run and was cutting in and out, and finally they cut completely out.  I'm sorry but headphones should not die that fast.  In my opinion these are terrible and I would not recommend them to anyone.  Just today I'm buying the Panasonic RP-HS33-G In-Ear Water-Resistant Sport-Clip Earbud Headphones, so hopefully these will be better quality!
These headphones sound very clear, seem to have reasonably efficient drivers and give a relaxed listening experience. Comfort will no doubt differ from user to user, but, I've found these to be perfectly comfortable for 30-60 minute walks and runs.They do not seem to fit properly when first fitted, but once you realise that each speaker just sits against the outside of your ear canal rather than being inserted inside the ear as with regular ear-buds, you quickly get over that.The cord is long enough to use whilst my phone is in my front trouser pocket, but I think it could be a little longer to be really versatile. This won't be a problem for many people though).The only way I've been able to induce fitting discomfort was wearing these headphones underneath protective ear protectors when mowing the lawns. The over ear hooks were pushed into my ears by the hearing protectors and that was a tad uncomfortable. That is not a design fault however as these are not designed to have another headset sitting over them. I was happy to put up with the minor discomfort to enjoy music while mowing the lawns anyway.Great product and excellent value for money.
I had been having issues with ear buds that kept popping out while I was jogging.  I decided to get this pair with the hopes that the ear-hook design would help keep these in place.  They do in fact do the job very well, and don't slip out as easily as the factory-included Mac headphones I previously used.  The sound is very good, and the fit is very comfortable.  A small gripe is that, sometimes they can get in the way of sunglasses if you are planning on wearing them while running.  It's not too bad, but they can sometimes cause them to get a little dislodged.  And if you have to re-adjust them onto your ear, it is pretty much a two-handed task.  Thus, it could slow down your pace for a second or two.  Again, not a big deal at all, but just something to be aware of.  At this price ($7.30 at time of purchase), it's a great value from Amazon, especially since they are usually around $10 or more at any retail store.  Do yourself a favor and don't waste time and money on headphones from the dollar store.  They may be cheaper, but the sound quality and durability will not be worthwhile.  Spend a little more here, and get a high quality item.  Highly recommend purchase!
I am so glad to see these earhook earphones are still on the market. I bought my first pair a few years ago. I use them while jogging. They held up well through perspiration of the hot Florida summers and through the rain. I realized they were finally dying when I got sound only from one ear.  I never had any problems with them coming off. I also didn't pay much attention to how I put them on (ie: I guess I was rough with them) but I also want to say I found these to be the most comfortable of the over the ear phones I've gotten. I used them for an hour almost daily, and I thought the inner buds were probably about the easiest I had used for inside the ear. Especially if you have any Temporomandibular Joint issues, like bruxing, or general TMJ dysfunction. Nothing short of a well-padded bud will make life great for those of us with this problem, but I thought these came about closest. I also think, too, the comfort depends on how big or small your ear is and if you're jogging or walking. I am small framed, so my ears are small. I guess, though, the fit might be uncomfortable on others, as I saw one reviewer say. These were a great value for the price.
I got this set of headphones so that I can listen to music on my smart phone. I've been running for quite a while and I've tried a variety of different headphones looking for the right kind.iPOD style headphones don't work because they fall out, regular ones are too bulky, and the ones that go behind your head won't ever be useful for listening to music anywhere but at the gym.So, I looked at these. I read the complaints and wasn't sure about them - especially the "fit" that so many complained about. But I'm sure glad I got them!They are such a great price for what they are. They fit just fine - just as these kinds of headphones are supposed to. I'm thinking the complaints are on the style (from people not used to this kind) - and shouldn't be attributed to this pair.When I go running, they stay put even if I accidentally yank on the cord while going for my water bottle. The sound is great and I even like the quality/texture of the ear piece.I highly recommend these. Don't worry about the "sizing" - there's a reason there is no size. They will work perfect if you use them correctly and these are what you are looking for.
I've been using a pair of Panasonic SHS3200 earhook headphones for the past several years, primarily during workouts at the gym or while running.  These headphones aren't advertised as being suitable for 'sports', but they've held up to sweat and vibration well.  They are comfortable with no pressure on the ears after several hours of continuous use, and the quality of sound these headphones produce is better (and louder) than a pair of new Sony Sports earhook headphones I recently purchased.  After several years of use, the rubber cradling one of the earbuds has given out causing the earbud speaker to come detached from the earhook.  I think these headphone have exceeded their life expectancy, so I'm not taking away any stars for this.  My only complaint on these headphones would be that the cord is very thin and tangles easily, and the rubber earhooks are too flexible, so you don't get a snug fit, although the headphones have never slipped off during use. My kids are constantly losing or breaking their headphones, so based on my own experience with these headphones, I believe they represent a good choice of replacement headphone.
I'm finally buying a different pair of headphones. I had this type of headphone for a while until the rubber came off the ear part and the metal fell off. I really liked these earhooks so I bought it again and now there is the pair I have right now. These were just bad. When listening to songs, movies, tv shows, the talking and singing won't come in. Only the background music or background track can be heard. I have to bend and pinch the cord at the plug in order to hear what is being said or sung. Sometimes pinching won't work and I'll have to wiggle the cord back and forth and then re-pinch the cord above the plug.Since school started back I realized how much I need working headphones since I'm walking to class, jogging, chilling in library/ Starbucks, etc. The pair I had before the ones I have now were great and lasted for 2 years with great care, but the ones now didn't last a week before one ear stopped working, and then only the music would play for both ears, and sometimes only very faintly. I'll just try out a different brand because I feel like this will happen again if I purchase this one.
I bought a white pair of these at Walmart about two and a half years ago for $10. They are my absolute favorites. The bass is excellent, the mids and highs are crisp, the fit is superb for myself in particular. I'm absolutely buying a second pair from Amazon in the near future as they are now impossible to find in retail stores. If you're looking for good quality, look no further than Philips. The sound quality is AMAZING. The bass from these little 15mm drivers kicks like a 50mm from higher end studio-style headphones.They refuse to quit, I replaced the plug on mine because my cable froze while I was outside on my way to school one New York winter morning and the cable and wires just snapped off; so I sacrificed a pair from the dollar store. They seriously take a beating. I have a homemade powered MP3 speaker that puts out about 1.5 watts rms at 16 Ohms through the headphone jack (about 100 times more than the output rating on these headphones) and they handle it no problem.Simply put, I can't say enough good things about these headphones... seriously, buy them; you won't regret it.
I bought these to use them for long periods of time; to watch movies and to listen to music for hours.The sound quality is exceptionaly great for it's price. The bass is not bad at all, surprisingly.They're also really comfortable for your ears, and they don't fall out easily during heavy movement, like excercise.The problem with them is they get really irritating after an hours use. They start to hurt your ears. It's annoying for me because i wanted to watch long movies with them, but if you just want to enjoy music for not such long periods of time, then this product is suitable for you. The price is also very reasonable. Overall, i'm happy with this purchase and I will continue to use them for music... just not for very long periods of time.Pros:Very durableSuitable for most ear sizes (probably not for really small ears though)Great sound qualityComfortable for your ears for a whileSymmetrical wiring ( that's a personal preference)Reasonable priceCons:Hurts your ears after about 45-60 minutes of use.
What I hate about these is they tangle by simply looking at them. I still believe their ear-hanging design is an offshoot of some military project aimed to create self-knotting string, because these knot like MAD and CONSTANTLY.Nonetheless, I just bought a second pair, and I'm giving them five stars because:1) For $10 they sound pretty darn good--much better than the similarly-priced Panasonic ones, which have no bass2) I've beaten the snot out of these and they are still going. I'm talking many, many workouts, saturated them in sweat, even been through a bit of rain, but after a drying out they've always continued to work.After a few years my original pair started to split and have bits come up. I epoxied them back--and the earphones are still going.These are not perfect earphones. But for $10 I think they are a sound purchase. I will agree with some of the negative reviewers who say fit is not perfect, and after using for a couple of hours the ears may start to hurt a bit due to the strange angle, but these are excellent for working out.
I received Philips Flexible Earhook Headphones; I waited a week to test and see how they feel and work.1. These headphones work well, but don't cancel sound since they sit snug at the entrance of your ear canal and they hook over your ear to keep the ear-buds on;  Well, this is a one size fits all hooks and don't adjust to ear sizes, this will make you fidget constantly or hold them for an hour or so when watching a movie, etc.2. They are a hard piece ear-bud that sits at the entrance to your ear canal and is very uncomfortable after a while making the Targus hurt. I only gave them a 3 star for OK. I hope Philips redesign these to make them comfortable for up to 10 hours of wear.3.  The quality is excellent (not cheap) and the sound is crisp.I have a swelling in my left ear canal, so, the ear-bud wont sit snug in my ear canal(keeps falling out).I wish the earhooks were comfortable to wear for watching movies, gaming, listening to audio books, or learning a language so you wont disturb anyone.I will have to search for comfortable headphones.
These are $10 headphones. There's nothing amazing about them in my opinion.  I bought them to use with my ipod when I'm out, or at work.Right out of the box, I was disappointed with the fit, and I know everyone is going to be different, but for me they just aren't comfortable.The sound quality is clear, but very thin and lacking bass. Even when I'm pressing them into my ears to get the best possible fit, the bass just isn't good. EQ settings to boost the bass don't help either, and often reduce sound quality even more.The ear clips don't really seem to do that much either.  They kind of keep them on your ears but don't really hold them IN your ears at all.  The ear pieces tend to get tangled together easily as well.In summary, I wouldn't recommend these for music, but if you want a cheap pair of headphones for listening to audio books or some other kind of spoken word, they might be good-IF you can tolerate them in your ears for that long.
This is my 3rd set of these headphones. They are the only headphone design that fits my needs (see "pros"). I am no audiophile, so I can't speak to their sound quality, but I will say that I use these to listen to audio books, and the voices sound rich, not tinny.Pros:- Ear hooks work well. They stay on, even in my sleep all night (on my back - the speaker bit in your ear is uncomfortable when lying on your side, but they stay on!).- The speakers don't go all the way INTO your ear, which means you can still hear some of what is going on around you.- The wires don't transmit the sound made by their of rubbing on clothes into your ears.Cons:- The little soft plastic rings around the speakers fall off easily (usually with only a few weeks of use). The rings conceal some sharp metal edges, so they are VERY necessary. I had to throw away my last two sets because I lost one of the rings. I fixed the problem on my latest set by putting some "super glue" under each ring with a toothpick.
Why is this?  I have no idea.  I've shelled out $24.95 for a lower-end Skullcandy, shopped around for some in a comparable price-range, tried to make do with the ones that come with the portable, walk-around CD players I buy ... and ... I'm still mystified!  They're not nearly as good!I've tried matching the spec's listed on the box -- no dice.  (Do I not know what I'm looking for?)  Others that seem to have the same frequency/decibel range, or whatever, blah-blah-blah, seem to fall WAY SHORT of getting all the sound out of the disc & into your ears.IN SUM: These things work just like, I don't know, they don't LACK "access" to all the soundwaves coming out of your player.  (Everything else seems, somehow ... "muted," you know?)  I have no idea how Philips did it, but, it feels more like: how hard is it to SCREW UP?  (i.e., "What are they doing RIGHT?")It shouldn't be a big deal -- but it is.BUY THESE!  Hear what your music sounds like.(I can't give a better recommendation than that!)
i use to buy these at target for $15, so when i saw that they were only $6 here, i immediately jumped on it!i don't think i have BIG ears, but they seem to fit fine. they at least stay in my ear when i'm running, which is the main reason why i get the "earhook" headphones. and it doesn't leave any bruises or marks (at least i don't think it does).the sound quality is decent. i mainly use them when i workout/run, so sound quality isn't THAT important to me when doing those activities. if i were in the studio making beats or watching a movie, then yea, i'd want much better sound quality, but for what i use these headphones for, they're fine.the only problem is that i've had so many pairs of these because they one side always seems to go out after 3-4 months of use. just out of nowhere, there's no sound coming out of, say the LEFT earpiece. not sure why that happens, but until it does, they sound and fit just fine.BOTTOM LINE: great if you are going to use it for working out or running since they're cheap and they stay in your ear.
I bought these to use at the gym but as soon as I put them on i was disappointed.I could not get them to stay in my ears, even after following the suggested directionsfor putting them in.  However, I wanted to give them a shot, so i forced them into my ears eventhough it was very uncomfortable.  The sound was not that great, the hi's and mid's were pretty decentbut there was no bass at all!! Still I wanted to give them a shot so i wore them at the gym the next day.My gym has a wireless receiver that you can plug headphones into to hear the TVs that they have. So Iplugged them in, and as soon as i started running they started static shocking me!! I moved to the next treadmillto see if it was just that receiver that was doing that, but no, they continued shocking my ears.After that I was over them. But they did fit my sister's ears and she seemed to like the sound so at least they didn't go to waste.In Summary: no bass, they static shocked me, uncomfortable, would not fit.
I workout here and there, and I really cannot stand when I'm finally getting into the rhythm of running or even intense walking and my hands just rip my ear buds out of my ears. Not only is is painful and alarming, but it also disrupts the flow of a nice workout. I hate having yet another excuse not to run, so I finally decided to commit to getting better headphones for a better workout. WOW, I just got these in the mail (can I just say how fast I got these after ordering them is a dream? I think it took two, maybe three, days max...2 days faster than estimated!). I tested the sound and the quality is excellent, the volume levels are perfect (I used my old headphones at the same volume as I used these and it was so quiet) and the comfort is perfect as well. Maybe I have big ears (which I sort of do) but they fit my ears just right and it is the right size for my canal. The bass is also wonderful. I know I haven't had them for a period of time but right now everything is exactly what I wanted.
I've used my pair of these headphones for 6 years now, for working out, because other headphone styles didn't stay comfortably in my ears or on my head for various reasons.  These don't fall out of my ears easily, or make my head uncomfortable in any way.I wear eyeglasses, and the hooks are soft enough to not conflict with the glasses ear pieces.I thread the cord through the back of my exercise bra and down to my iPod clipped on my shorts/pants, and this keeps the cord from swaying around and pulling at the headphones.  I am 5'5" and the cord has plenty of length for me.The rubbery covering around the actual earbuds are removable, so I am able to clean them regularly with rubbing alcohol.I am not terribly picky about the sound quality in my workout headphones.  I feel there is good sound and all volume levels, it doesn't become tinny or scratchy or dull.  That's good enough for me when I'm exercising!
Sennheiser is known for professional grade headphones and even one of their cheapest models stands up to whatever music you throw at it. Bass and mid tones sound excellent while not becoming too muddled. I've tested these headphones with rock/pop (Arcade Fire, Broken Bells) and rap/hip-hop (Kanye West - My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy) with great results. As long as you have high quality files there is no hiss (I mainly have 256-320 kbps files with some 192 kbps files). Sound leak was not evident because these are closed headphones (as opposed to theSennheiser  HD555'swhich are open). I have a medium size head and these headphones fit me perfectly. They have a slight warming effect on the ears which is not bothersome at all. Just to clarify, these headphones (HD 202 MK II) are the same as the original HD 202, with different packaging. These will work out of the package with any iPod, laptop, desktop and include an larger adapter for other uses. If you are still using the standard Apple earbuds or cheap earbuds (Joby, Skullcandy, etc.) and have never experienced the sound of a over-the-ear headphone, buy these for an inexpensive (but not "cheap") intro into an audiophiles world.EDIT: For those who are having problems with the cord length - use the included cord take-up. There is a notch on each side to clip the cord into. The cord looks like it won't fit but it will if you position the cord sideways and insert it.
I basically just want to echo the review from "DeafInOneEar," who was writing about the HD203s. I owned two pairs of those headphones and have had four pairs of these HD 202s. As far as I can tell they are almost identical...especially in that all of them have eventually lost sound in one ear.I keep buying them because the sound is really great, as many reviews have explained. And they are cheap. And the extra long cord is wonderful for my purposes. I have earbuds for walking around and a pair of the HD 428s for when I don't need a long cord and/or want more oomph in the bass.But to reiterate....all SIX pairs of this style Sennheiser headphones have died on me in one ear, sometimes left and sometimes right. I don't yank them or mistreat them. There is no inciting event...one time a pair died while I was sitting at my desk, I just moved to grab the remote and it cut out. Two or three pairs have died while I was walking around outside in the winter...I live in Maine, and I'm guessing the cold makes the copper very brittle.The point is that the cords are thin and cheap, so don't expect these to last longer than six months.There are two excellent things about these headphones...they sound great for the money, and they have a TWO YEAR WARRANTY.I just figured this out last week, and I feel like an idiot. I could have saved like $100, though the inconvenience of warranty returns is considerable.So buy them, by all means, but print out your receipt and print out the Sennheiser service request form, staple them together and tuck them away. You're going to need them.
Im a 58 year young guy whose favorite music is music of the 60's,70's, 80'a with a little Dean Martin, Frank Sinatra, Elvis built in for good measures on occasion. I like the old music.  I could afford a pair of $200 headphones, but I decided to give these a shot for $14.99 special on Amazon.  A great deal I just had to try.  I have tested these on a MacBook Pro, a 4th generation iPod, and a Motorola Droid X.  ABBA, Queen, Traveling Wilbury,  heard notes I have not heard before. I must also mention that I am starting to get a wee bit hard of hearing and when my equalizer is properly set, these phones are awesome.  For comfort they are ok not great, you certainly know they are on. I have to fiddle with them every so often as they seem to warm my ears a little.  The cord IS long and a bit thin, but if you are careful it should be fine. I would definately recommend these if you are just starting with headphones and want a good deal for the money which I dont think can be beat.
I am a casual music listener with a varied taste in music. I most commonly listen to classical, jazz, or movie scores while I'm studying, but I have a large library of classic rock and pop music that is on quite frequently.I bought these headphones because I was sick of wearing my earbuds for long periods of time. It was irritating to have to stop listening to my music every couple hours because of the discomfort in my ears. I searched the internet thoroughly to find a pair of cups that would fit my needs on a college student's budget, and these seemed to fit the bill.I'm no expert on headphones, but these are great! I immediately noticed a HUGE difference in quality from my earbuds - the bass sound is fantastic, giving every genre of music a fuller, more robust sound. I can hear so many more details in my music that I didn't notice with just my earbuds. I don't know how they compare to higher-priced headphones, since I haven't tried any, but for my use, they're perfect. They are extremely comfortable. They are fully adjustable, and fit on a wide range of heads - my Dad tried them on, and he didn't even have to use the largest size to make them fit (he normally has trouble buying hats unless they're custom-made because of his big noggin). I wear them on and off for the majority of the day, and they haven't yet gotten uncomfortable. I think the longest stretch I've ever gone with them on is about 5 hours.Bottom line: Comfortable, affordable headphones that bring up the quality of any genre of music you prefer. I highly recommend them!
I'm sorry that I didn't try these as soon as I received them, because I would definitely have returned them.  I needed to replace an older Sennheiser (the HD201).  Seeing that there was now a model HD202, and that it had good reviews, I bought one HD201, and also the HD202 as a spare.  I wish that I had simply purchased two of the HD201's.  As some other reviewers have written, these are too tight!  I'm a female with a small head, but cannot wear these for more than about five minutes.  No matter how I adjust them or try to stretch them, they hurt!  I do feel that the sound is a step up from the HD201, but what good are headphones if they're not wearable?  If you decide to purchase them anyway, I strongly suggest that you test them out during the return period.
These headphones were a complete bargain at < $40, and I would recommend anyone on a budget to grab a pair and enjoy. My music collection includes jazz, afrobeat, hip hop, soul, punk, ska, reggae, and country, and there isn't a genre in which these headphones didn't perform well. The bass response is strong (but not so strong it drowns out other frequencies), and the mids and highs sound great too. I never would have thought music could sound this good in sub-$50 cans. I am listening to Marvin Gaye's Let's Get it On album in them as I type this and it sounds perfect. The sound is spaced out nicely and every frequency is clear and well-represented. Every instrument in the mix shines like it should and the headphones grasp all of that warm analog goodness of the amplifiers and recording equipment used when Marvin made the album. Buy these headphones and love them. They sound great and they are ridiculously durable. I am a graduate student and these phones go everywhere in my messenger bag and get at least eight hours of burn every day.
Sennheiser 201 v 202.  tested on my PC with using mediamonkey***Get the 201***I already had the 201's, but my g/f keeps stealing them, so I thought I would try the 202s, more of a good thing right?!Cup size:201: the opening for the ear is a 1/3 larger than the 202s. fit nicely around the ear.202: are almost on-the-ear style, although they are still comfortable. (no I don't have floppy dumbo ears :p )Volume:201: 50% is 202s. in others words, you have to double the volume on the 201s, to get about the same sound output as you just had with the 202s.202:  200% of 201. they are very sensitive.Sound Quality:  I am a layman so bear with me.201: balanced, natural sounding. Good imaging. You can close your eyes and almost see the band, picking out subtle sounds.202: strong bass & highs. At a volume where you can hear the vocals & mids clearly, the bass & highs become painful pretty quickly. It has to be loud for clarity.Other thoughts:Many people complain of the 202s being uncomfortable. My belief is they are actually experiencing fatigue from the sound pressure of the bass which is required to hear the vocals and mids clearly.These two headphones are dirt cheap, yet one is clearly (201) better sounding than the other. I wonder which moderately priced (@$40-70)set might have far better imaging, balance, allow you to hear subtle sounds while still having full, rich bass, etc..?  A few in that price range are: Sony MDR-V6, Audio-Technica ATH-M30, JVC HA-RX900? I would love your comments. I am older so a quality set where I don't need to turn it up as loud would be wise.
At $24.22 for Prime members, these headphones blow away the competition. When I first heard about Sennheiser and how amazing their headphone technology was, I started looking at sampling-quality headphones just to play from my computer and android. The prices were high, but the reviews for sound quality were unmatched. As I started looking into the cheaper headphones, I did not see a drop in quality among the reviewers. I had been using -cheap- Sony on-ears, listened to some Bose AE-2s, and Bose QC15s to see where I wanted to throw my money and how much to throw. I came across these and could not be happier. After two solid weeks of having these headphones at my office, I would like to share my own, personal, consumer review.Sound = 5These headphones produce some of the best, crispest, fullest sounds that I have ever listened to. The vocals are high and clear, while the bass is low and deep. I have listened to everything from opera to house, and each song -sounds- more detailed than ever before. They officially range from 18 to 18,000 Hz with a 32 ' nominal impedance and a 115 dB sound pressure level. All of the tech-specs aside, these headphones will provide you some of the best sound available without hurting your wallet. Also because they are closed cups, they will naturally filter out some outside noise. Read: they are -not- noise-cancelling headphones, but they do filter out noise as much as cupping your hands over your ears.Build = 4The HD 202 IIs look great to me, but may not look great to everyone. I like the design that employs the adjustable earcups, rather than a retractable wire that recedes into the headband. The earcups have a good range of rotation as well, allowing the cups to find their places over your ears. The headband angle is the only truly awkward part of the headphones: they are set at an angle so that the front of the band is closer to your head than the back of the band. The preview picture is a little misleading, because it shows the band at a flat angle. In fact, it is slightly beveled to the front of the head. Again, this is fine with me, but others may not be as on-board.Comfort = 4I have worn the HD 202 IIs for a few different durations: 30 minutes, 2 hours, and 8 hours. These headphones are 100% comfortable for 30 minutes and even 2 hours. However at about 5 or 6 straight hours of wear, they do tend to get uncomfortable. For myself, the padding on the headband is a little stiff. This can be remedied, however, by squeezing and releasing it for a few minutes. The headphones also grip the head a little hard. This can also be fixed for a while by removing the headphones and bending the headband flat for a few minutes. Both of these remedies are quick fixes that will last throughout an 8-hour listen-fest. The only thing that is more difficult to remedy are the cups pressing against my ears. My head and ears (which are both larger than most people's) become sore after long (greater than 3 hours) of listening.The Sennheiser HD 202 IIs are by far some of the best headphones I have ever listened to. For those people looking for a pair of headphones that are top-notch quality without taking a punch in the wallet, the Sennheiser HD 202 IIs are the headphones for you.
Bottom Line:  Sound quality that compares well with $100 and $200 headphones...for under 30 bucks...an amazing bargain for people who like "around the ear" headphones.I have never owned the PERFECT headphone.  Some were too heavy...some too flimsy...some had too much bass or thin treble.  The Sennheiser HD 202 MK II headphones are amazingly good headphones at a bargain price.  Although advertised as "on ear" headphones, the pads fit entirely around my ears and rest against my head, not on my ears.No headphone is comfortable for two or three hours of listening, but I find the "around the ear" design to work best for me, as they don't press my ears against my eyeglasses frame.  And, the "around the ear" type does a good job of sealing the headphone to the head, providing the clearest bass and blocking out extraneous noise.The Sennheiser HD 202 is adjustable, by sliding each earpiece up or down.  Even when adjusted for the least pressure, I find they feel too tight after an hour or so.I want headphones that reproduce voices in a natural way, whether a male baritone, or a female soprano.  The HD 202 does a very good job with voices...they sound natural without the false added warmth some headphones provide.  The unique characteristics of a singer's voice is created by how the singer produces a fundamental of a note, and the harmonics of the note.With the HD 202, the voice fundamental is very natural and accurate, but the harmonics seem slightly muted...likely due to a combination of my own treble hearing loss, and the HD 202's lack of an artificial boost in the treble region.The HD 202 produces bass with accuracy and control.  Many headphones produce a heavy, loud bass, but every note sounds much the same.  When listening to Paul McCartney's bass playing, it should be obvious that his bass line often is an inventive variation of the melody of the song...not a soggy series of "thump...thump...thump..." The HD 202 has bass clarity and accuracy that is superior to headphones selling for much higher prices, including some of the mega-expensive headphones.A lot of folks will be irritated by the TEN FOOT long cord of the HD 202.  This long cord is designed to let you plug into the computer at work and walk around the office, or plug into the TV at home and sit on the sofa ten feet away.  But, if you are going for a walk, you need to wind up the extra eight feet of cord and stuff it in your pocket.  I wish it came with two cords, a short cord and the long cord.The package included no instructions and no information about the Sennheiser two year warranty.  Although that information is available on-line, it would have been nice to have a warranty certificate in the package, along with a toll free number for getting information or arranging for service.If you like "around the ear" headphones, and accurate sound, not phony "rocked up" sound with boosted bass and "brightened" treble, you will like the HD 202...and you would struggle to find a significantly more accurate sounding headphone at five times the price.
I've had these headphones for a little over 2 years and they are very comfortable and pretty good sound. Unfortunately one of the cords has separated from the ear piece and is not repairable. I cant say if this is due to rough usage (i am pretty careful with my things) or due to the cord being too flimsy. Either way, i am purchasing the same model to replace it because you cant beat the quality for the price.
When mySennheiser HD555 Professional Headphones with Sound Channelingarrived a few weeks ago my expectations were set to hear a higher quality sound than the Sennheiser EH150's that I was currently using (plus I simply just needed a second pair of headphones). The HD555's are middle of the road expensive (about 100 bucks list price more expensive than the HD202's) so they must be better than the HD202's right? Wrong!Sometimes I use headphones with myOnkyo Home Theater Receiverwhen I want "loud sound" after the family has gone to bed. But I mostly use headphones to play along to my favorite, mostly hard rock music on my Ludwigs. I tried the Sennheiser HD555's with the receiver and with my drums and it turns out that they're great for home theater, but for playing music at high volumes...not so much.A few months ago I tried the Sennheiser EH150's. They worked for what I was looking for: loud volume for use while playing drums. But they're certainly not theUltimate Earsin-ear headphones that I use when I want real quality sound. It's just that the Ultimate Ears are actually too good for practicing drums at home with, because they sometimes are so noise reducing that I can't hear myself play unless I turn the volume down low...and who wants to play an Iron Maiden tune on the drums with the volume low?!? The EH150's were working fine, but the HD555's looked like a major upgrade. Ultimately, they are an upgrade if I weigh their performance against the EH150's performance with my home theater, but the HD555's are not meant for continuous, really high volume; they actually distort the sound and vibrate with loud music. But with my home theater the sound that the HD555's produce is more rich than the EH150's. So if you want a set of head phones for loud music, you'd do better with the newest version of the EH150's which are right here on this page with the Sennheiser HD 202 MK II Headphones.While the HD555's might be the most comfortable headphones that I've ever worn, they're just not designed for a loud environment...meaning that they are "open" headphones that let a lot of outside of the headphone sound in. In other words, if you're listening to your home theater and someone walks into the room they can pretty much still hear audio pretty clearly coming from your headphones and if someone talks to you you can hear them. The HD202's are "closed" meaning just the opposite; with the HD202's it's hard for anyone to hear what you're listening to and you hear virtually only what's being pumped into the headphone unless the volume's down really low. The HD202's have nice spongey cups with a soft leather cover that almost fit around your entire ear; I wouldn't have minded a bigger cup to actually fit around the ear (like the HD555's do), but it's certainly not a major drawback. The headband is adjustable and holds in place to your adjustments for a nice tight fit. The cord is nice and long, and has the smaller 3.5 iPod size connection jack, but it comes with a 6.3 adapter if you want to plug it into a receiver.You want loud? Turn it up! Go with these HD202's (and save a few bucks!). If you want something exclusively for listening to home theater?...The Sennheiser HD555's fit that gig a bit better.
I am not a audiophile, so all I really need out of my headphones is for it to sound reasonably good, be comfortable to wear, and work consistently.  The Senheiser HD 202 headphones have two out of three of those traits.  The volume and clarity of sound is strong, and the headphones are very comfortable over the ears.  Unfortunately, the sound in one (or both) of the ears died after three months.  I've bought this same pair of headphones four times, thinking I must have mistreated them previously.  This last time I was more careful than ever, using the cord wrap that comes with it.  The headphones lasted a little over two months.  Even for the money these headphones are bad, simply because they are fragile.  If a little extra money means better headphones, then spend it.
I don't understand how these got 5 stars. The sound is muddy; more accurately, it sounds like a pillow over a speaker. Highs are muffled. Bass sounds like it is achieved by muffling the mids and highs. I have a set of Skull Candy earbuds 11mm cable that sound waaaay better than these. The only reason I'm not sending them back is because I only paid 23 bucks and I have a combination headset/ear warmer as I wait for the train to go to work.On the positive side, they fit well and I have a big head and wear glasses. I love the 10ft cable and it comes with a spool to wind it up so it's not untidy. They fit comfortably and feel lightweight.If you want to really enjoy your music, don't get these. If you simply don't like earbuds and don't want to spend a lot of money on headphones, then these are worth a shot.****UPDATE 12/27/2011*******After using these headphones for a few weeks I'm upgrading my review from 1 star to 3 stars. The same basic things are still true but after tweaking my device's settings (Samsung Galaxy S II Epic Touch 4G) it's enjoyable. I set the EQ to ROCK and the sound effect to MUSIC CLARITY. Setting the sound effect was the biggest change as I was already using the Rock EQ setting. Setting the sound effect to MUSIC CLARITY cleaned up the muddy sound and allows the highs to be a bit crisper.Another thing I discovered is that listening at very low volumes in a quiet setting also provides a good listening experience even with the sound effect on NORMAL. If you ride the train or bus, expect anyone sitting around you to hear your music as the sound bleeds thru easily and that's with the volume on 4 or 5.I would put these second on a shopping list. Try out some others first. But these won't be too bad if you chose them.
I have a small narrow head and usually have an issue with headphones being too large and too wide.  This set, oddly enough, is too narrow.  It is very tight and is uncomfortable.  I wear wire frame glasses, and my glasses are squished by the headphones as well, making them even more uncomfortable.  I don't recommend them.
First off let me state that you are just not going to do better than these headphones for the current price of $20. They're practically free. :DIf you're looking for an intro to the world of sound quality higher than earbuds or ultra-cheap over ears, here you have it. These are *NOT* audiophile quality, but they're the bargain basement cheapest way to experience music without being ruined by crappy delivery. Given the low price point, they're perfect for bang around headphones for travel, the gym, etc....So, with all the bang for the buck cred out of the way, why the "but" in my review title? It's simple, these headphones are fairly bass biased. That means if you're listening to hip-hop or rock you'll be pleased. If you're listening to classical, folk, acoustic rock or anything else that needs the mids and highs to shine then you might be left wanting a little.Yes, you can fix this with an equalizer. But the point is the headphones *WILL* color the music in the favor of low end.The other con is the construction is a little cheap. The adjustment isn't easy and comfort wise you might not be happy depending on your head size/shape.Go in knowing the cons, and again I don't think you're gonna come anywhere close to the sound for what you pay.
The inside of the headphones is a wall of hard plastic.  My girlfriend has very small ears, and hers hurt from wearing these after a few minutes as well.These sound and feel like $15 headphones- don't be fooled, these are not a great deal.  As the most popular review stated- these 'muddle up' the sound in a weird way.  They are anything but clear.Comfort: 0/10- painful after only a few minutes, with ears of all sizes.Sound: 5/10- good bass, but the sound is muddled and unclearBuild: 5/10- The pads are essentially black garbage bag with very, very little padding.  The cord is 10ft long- that means that when you roll up the wire, you have something that is actually pretty heavy pulling on your head.  The sound leak isn't too bad for cheapo headphones.I wasn't expecting great quality, but I really hate these things.  A bit more cheap padding could have fixed the comfort issue.
Good price, fit ok, maybe a lil tight for long periods of time, depending on your head, sound quality is good also.Update 04/25/15, after less than a year of use, i have to say, sound quality is good, fit is good, not tight, not heavy, very comfortable actually, problem is the wiring for the right speaker already came apart, so i knew it was a cheap headphone but not that cheap.
This is a great budget headphone it gives a nice clean sound and clear bass. it immerses you in the music without having to turn up the volume really loud. I would have given it 5 stars if it wasn't for one major problem, pain. You can't wear these headphones for a longtime if you do your ears will start to hurt.there is no way to adjust these so they fit tight on your head and this causes your ears to get squeezed.  I read the reviews that complained about this issue but I thought it couldn't be as bad as they made it out to be but it is. I still like the head phones though.Edit: after using these for some time now the fit of the headphone have improved some and the pain is not as bad as when I first got them. for me,the problem with these is the foam on the headphones are too thin. This causes the hard headphone drivers to push on parts of my ears. I have to keep adjusting them to stop it from hurting. I really like these too bad for this 1 issue. If your head and ears are small you might have a better fit.
Several things about this set of headphones have proved disappointing to me. First of all, the cord is excessively long, so long that it is constantly getting in the way of what I am doing. True, a gadget came with the headphones for the purpose of winding extra cord on but it is quite bulky and gets in the way too.I have a very small head and small ears but these headphones are so tight that they pinch my ears and are very uncomfortable if worn for any length of time at all. A person with a larger head and/or larger ears would be in even more discomfort. I read other reviews that mentioned that they were small and pinched people's ears but I figured my smaller ears would not be a problem - not so, unfortunately.The quality seems to be good and they seem to be quite sturdy. Sound is pretty good although I wish that I had paid more attention and purchased a set with built-in volume control. I deliberated for quite a while before purchasing this set of headphones and only wish I had made a different decision. I will be looking to replace them in the very near future.
The quality is absolutely amazing, especially for the price. Doesn't feel cheap either. Super comfy too. I first thought of returning them because the cable was sooooo long (no way I'm taking this snake to the gym) but then I'm like - I ain't giving up such an awesome product because of that - so I cut it and taped it back together. Now it's perfect sound, perfect comfort and perfect length. Check out how it looks with the shortened cable in the photo. Highly recommend!
I bought these from Amazon and have now had them several years. So I probably got the "old" version.When I got them I liked the sound immediately. since then, I have had the experience of several otherphones. the Sennheiser 380, 650 and the AKG 240's and a few others.I primarily used these for listening to Netflix movies on my computer.My background is hi-fi and I have been involved over 50 years. Yeah, that dates me.It also tells you that my hearing isn't what it used to be although luckily it is still balancedin tonal range. Listening to NOW as I write this, using my Philips MP3 player.Compared to the others mentioned above there is no contest. They all perform significantlybetter than these. the weakness here (to me) is in the midrange mostly. While the overallbalance is good, the mids seem a bit depressed. HOWEVER that all said, these still makeFINE phones for general purpose listening, or even the lower hi-fi range. These are MUCHbetter than other phones I have heard in the budget range. Sennheiser has nothing tobe ashamed of here.Comfort: I see many people have commented on the tightness. I am male and wear 7-1/4 hatso my head is not large, nor small. I do not find them too tight. I appreciate that I can move myhead around and not have them fall off or shift. Since I use these mainly with my MP3 playerwhile walking around and working, this is much appreciated. I can wear them for several hours(although I rarely wear ANY for more than 2) and I still feel comfortable. Not overly hot insdiethe cup either. The cups ARE rather small, and fit ON the ear rather than over.The WIRES bug me a bit. They ARE long. I prefer a single wire solution, but have learnedto live with the split wire. The wire is a bit fragile feeling, so you DO have to treat them withsome care. I wrapped up most of the length and tied it with a bread tie. The junction belowthe ear cup where the wires join can easily get snarled around the main wire. Having thebulk of the wire bundled helps alleviate that.I feel confident recommending these for over all performance for the small money.You'd be hard pressed to find anything better in this range. Probably more "Beats" likethan other Senn's. Another excellent set for the money are the JVC HARX models 300and 500. These are larger but more comfortable and have excellent sound.The 202's are VERY efficient and will work well with any MP3 player and have plentyof bass.Four stars for overall performance vs. price.Looking to step up?Try the AKG 240 which as I write this is on Amazon for about $50.These are larger, but definitely in the hi-fi zone, competing admirably with thebetter Sennheiser, both the 380 and 650. I will be doing reviews of the AKG andthe Senn380's soon.
If you're looking for a short review, keep scrolling.I recently ordered the Sennheiser HD 202 II Pro, Panasonic RP-HTF600-S, MEElectronics HT-21, Monoprice Premium Hi-Fi DJ Style Over-the-Ear Pro, Sony MDRZX200 Outdoor & the Sennheiser HD 201 Lightweight headphones, and just for kicks the Monoprice Enhanced Bass HiFi Earphones. The headphones are all in the $18-$30 range. But first, a little about myself. I'm a college student and received the Bose AE2's for Christmas last year. I tested all these headphones on both my MacBookPro & iPhone 5 (I also did some tests with the new Apple EarPods).All numbers are on a 1 to 5 scale, 5 being the best.First up was unboxing all the headphones. The hardest to get open were the Sennheisers HD 202's {1} due to it's clamshell plastic packaging, but surprisingly the HD 201's {5} were simple to open and came in a simple cardboard box. The Monoprice HiFi DJ headphones were like the 201's, they came in a simple box with a very classy inside {5}. The Ht-21's were nicely packaged and moderately easy to get out {3.5}. The Sony's came with it's plastic front glued to a thin cardboard backing, I wasn't impressed but it got the job done and was moderately easy to open but a pain to package back up {2.5}. Finally the Panasonics came in very nice packaing (clear plastic box) that was easy to open up {4.5}. The Monoprice Earphones came in a plastic bag with no labeling and a simple twist tie, not a good sign.To get the earbuds out of the way, simply put, they were terrible. I was expecting a little more after Monoprice had gotten rave reviews on the OverTheEar headphones. The cord seemed like high quality and the design of the buds seemed nice and practical but the headphone casing felt plasticy. The sound quality was not only below Apple's free new EarPods but below their second-generation as well. Quickly packaged it up for return to Amazon. {Rating: 1}Next to go back in the box was the HT-21's. Once again, even the free Earpods beet the sound quality. The headphones were of pretty cheap build. It's nice that they fold up, but what's it matter if they have crappy sound quality. I was some what surprised because they were one of the more expensive of the bunch. {Rating: 2}The HD 202's were next to be returned. I couldn't get a comfortable fit on my ear. Part of the headphones sat on my ear and another covered it. The plastic curved band also seemed cheap. Finally the advertised bass was no where to be found. Sound quality was moderate, but nothing to write home about. {Rating: 3}It's really hard for me to put the HD 201's above or below the Sony's. I was pleasantly surprised by the sound quality of the Sony's but vocals weren't as distinct as I'd hoped. The 201's were well balanced but sounded a tad hollow. I would still recommend these models as they are only $18 & $22. Which one? Well it depends if you're looking for around ear over on ear. I personally am a fan of around ear, but that's up to you. {Both get a rating of 4}That means it comes down to the Panasonics & the Monoprice OverTheEars. I was really looking forwarded to the Monoprice's as they were rated highly on CNet's best budget headphones list. And I have to say the sound quality was nice. However the headphones made my head look three times as wide. I'm not into Fashion at all but these are worse than wearing Grado's (which have excellent sound quality if you can get over the looks and everyone else hearing your music due to their open backs. Completely worth the money if you're up for those two drawbacks). The main reason I quickly repackaged these was the top part of the headband. They have three "cushions" that just put the whole weight of the headphones on a small area on the top of your head. Although it's nice that the headphones swivel around in all directions, they have a little too much freedom. These would be GREAT headphones for DJ's only using mono sound. However these certainly aren't for anyone listening to music for more than 15 minutes.And then there was one: The Panasonic RP-HTF600 went up against the headphones I'd been using for almost a year: the Bose AE2. I wasn't expecting much out of the Panasonic's, I was really expecting the Sennheiser's to take the lead, or the monoprice's after reading reviews. But the Panasonic's were the last one standing. The headphones had impressive sound, well balanced with a hint of bass. However their strong suit was the illusion of space. The sound seemed to have incredible depth and had a hint of reverb. Vocals were well mixed with the rest of the music.But sadly I decided to return them all. The Panasonics gave my Bose AE2's a good run for their money. The sound depth was attractive, but after all there is a $120 price difference between the two models. Had I known about the the RP-HTF600's, I probably would have gone for them over the Bose. However the Bose's comfort is impossible to match, it's easy forget you're wearing them they're so comfortable and light. Although the resonance in the Panasonic's are a nice leg up on the Bose, it's not worth $30. I wasn't looking for another pair of headphones, I was looking for a better pair. Perhaps I was asking for too much by looking in the $30 range for a pair better than a $150 set, but I was not disappointed by the Panasonic's. They were in no way uncomfortable, they just can't top the Bose. I'd give the RP-HTF600's a 5 on my rating scale and the Bose AE2's a 5.5
If you listen to music that has a good amount of bass to it, these are an excellent value. They are better than anything you can find in this price range.  Straight out the gate I really liked the bass response, but realized I had lost some of the mid range compared to my good quality earbuds.  But after a while your ears will adjust and you'll find the trade off well worth it.  After about a week of use, they are worn in and the bass just jumps out at you. I want to see how well the cord holds up, but definitely would buy another pair.  I also found these to be very comfortable, with nice soft cushions***EDIT*** I had been listening to these on my stereo receiver only since I bought them..turns out that if you tweak the EQ on whatever you play your music on, you can get these to sound great. I suggest lowering your mid (~250hz) slightly
All the reviews that say that these are a great deal are being totally honest. If you are just looking for good headphones to get by, I would suggest these. I've only tried them in an office environment, so I'm not sure how they sound in the real world but I imagine they are pretty good. Bonus: you can plug them into whatever your device you're using, set the device on a desk or table, and then walk around an entire city block and still have slack in the cord.
In writing this review, keep in mind that I'm comparing this set of headphones to 6 other ones: Sennheiser HD 280, Sony MDR-7506, Sony MDR-V6, Sennheiser HD HD201, Monoprice MEP-839, and JVC HA-RX500. The first 3 can usually be purchased for $60-$90 (depending on which headphone and if you can find it on sale) and are used by many as studio monitors. The latter 3 are all ~$20 headphones and sit in the same category as the Sennheiser HD202.Of course, as we all know, whether you like a particular pair of headphones depends on what you plan on doing with them and what you listen to. Personally, I listen to a mix of music ranging from classical to pop to dance. I'm not what one would deem a "bass head" - I like my headphones to faithfully reproduce the entire audio spectrum. Knowing my requirements, the way I would rate my headphones would be Sony 7506 = Sony V6 > Sennheiser HD 280 > Sennheiser HD 201 > Monoprice MEP-839 > JVC HA-RX500 = Sennheiser HD 202.In my comments below I make deliberate use of my adjectives (i.e. excellent > very good > good > average).Not surprisingly, the more expensive headphones sound the best. The Sony 7506/V6 have very good bass and excellent mids and treble frequencies which help bring out vocals. The Sennheiser HD 280's have excellent bass (better than the Sony's) and very good mids and treble (but not as good as the Sony's).Of the ~$20 headphones, the Sennheiser HD 201 has the best overall balance with very good bass, mids, and treble - its main deficiency is that it needs more power to drive; they are noticeably quieter than the other headphones at the same volume setting. However, once you turn up the volume, I feel they are the most balanced of the $20 headphones.The Monoprice MEP-839 falls next in terms of audio balance. It has very good bass and good mids and treble. It doesn't bring out mids and treble as well as the HD 201, but it is superior to the JVC HA-RX500 and Sennheiser HD 202. When compared to the 7506, V6, and HD280 I feel the bass is a slight bit muddier - with the more expensive headphones, the bass seems cleaner and has more of a punch. That said, the MEP-839 low frequencies extend as deep as the HD 280 and more than the 7506/V6. The reason I rate the MEP-839 bass as very good, instead of excellent, has to do with the fact it sounds a bit "muddy". The MEP-839's are relatively easy to drive and don't require the volume to be cranked up.Finally, there are the JVC HA-RX500 and Sennheiser HD 202. I feel these 2 are pretty similar in audio quality. They both have very good bass with average mids and treble. The HA-RX500 is more comfortable than the HD 202, primarily because they are circumaural and sit around your ears instead of the supra-aural HD 202 which actually rests on your ear. I can see why bass heads would like the HA-RX500 and HD202 - they emphasize bass over the mids/treble. That being said, I prefer my headphones to be balanced.
I really didn't want to spend a couple weeks pay on a decent set of headphones, but I'd've coughed it up if that were the only way to get the theatre surround sound experience I need without waking the neighbors (I'm so lying to myself, I like food too much).  Luckily, there are more things to consider than just my outlandish desires to be taken away into the aether by perfect sound.  The last pair I bought was Skull Candy.  Blew $50ish on them and I didn't feel $50ish impressed at all.  And they fell apart after a few months.In an effort to be reasonable in my concerns for quality, I boiled down what I was after to 3 things: comfort, clarity, and bass.  Obvious?  Basically, I quit fantasizing about $1500 headphones.  Comfort means around-ear to me.  The less they press on my cartilage, the better.  Let something press on your ear for an hour and you'll beg for mercy.  Clarity is self explanatory, yes?  Clear sound with no hisses, pops, or other disturbing sounds not present in the recorded media.  And finally, bass.  I wanted headphones that would not leave me in want of a sub-woofer.My roommate had a pair of Sennheiser 201s.  He'd had them for years and only recently did the band break.  He talked up the brand and, from what I could find, the internet agreed.  I thought that his certainly weren't bad for their age, but I couldn't just get the same model.  There had to be something better in my price range.  Turns out the next model up appeared to fit all my criteria.  I did have my reservations about buying headphones I couldn't try first (toiled over the decision for days), but I felt better having tried a lesser model and finding them suitable.I've had them for a while now and still quite happy with them.  More comfortable and better sound than the 201s.  I can wear them without discomfort for much much longer than any of the other headphones I've owned in the history of ever.When fooling around in FL Studio, you need to be able to hear a goodly range or you could get something awful in your final product that you only hear when you try to impress your friends in a vehicle with a serious sound system, and that's embarrassing.  There are better headphones for making music, I'm sure, but these will give you a fighting chance on a budget.  The bass is by no means overwhelming, but it's clear and quite audible.I guess that wraps it up.  They aren't the be all end all, but if I had paid $50 instead of $25, I would still be as impressed.
***Update 2 (1/3/2013): It appears that I've had these for over a year now.  The headphones are still working as well as the day I first tried them.  I have honestly never owned a really nice pair of earphones or headphones (hundreds of dollars, etc.) but these come very close to it.  The headphones do not hurt my ears at all at this point.  I think part of it was getting use to them/breaking the headphones in.  I'm not sure what caused the slight cramping to begin with but if you can just break them in over a few months, you will adjust to them and they will likely fit comfortably.  I'm using them right now and the bass and sound are just as good as ever, if not better.  I purchased these for around $20 free shipping from Amazon and I do not regret my purchase one bit.  If these ever break, I plan on purchases a replacement without hesitation.******UPDATE (9/4/2012): Well, it's been about 9 months now and these headphones are still working as if it were the first day that I received them in the mail from Amazon!  I have to say that I did notice a bit of ear cramping but I got used to it after a while and I no longer get any cramping from using the headphones.  The sound quality is great for such a cheap price and the bass is very boomy.  Nothing sounds tinny at all.  I would likely pay $40+ for these.  I highly recommend them.***First off, I've had these headphones for about 2 months now and I think they are great!  The sound, the bass, the vocals...everything seems to be more clear and vibrant than anything I've ever heard before!  Now, I am no audiophile and I went to these from listening with Apple ear phones.  What an huge difference!  I feel like these headphones should have cost me at least $75!  Such great audio quality for the price!As with any product, there is the tendency for consumers to find flaws in products and I did find a minor one.  Sometimes when I am wearing the headphones for an extended period of time, my ears will begin to get sore.  I'm not sure why exactly this is but to me it is only a minor inconvenience, especially at this price range.  Anyone buying headphones for this price should not expect it to be quite on par with comfort of the $200+ products.All in all, these are very nice headphones.  Listening with anything else now seems to make things sound worse (i.e., cheap earphones)!  I may not currently be an audiophile but these may cause me to look into getting a pair of even better head phones once I get out of college and begin earning a stable income.  Cheers everyone!
These headphones are pretty good. the sound quality on these is great, easy to adjust the size, and somewhat comfortable. After wearing these for and hour or more, my ears begin to either feel tired or hurt (i do not listen to loud music, i mainly watch television show and youtube on them).
Sounds boring, right?Well, I was expecting to hear clear high end, clear voice - and in that respect I was correct. Those are both there, in abundance.Now, having come from a set of HD215s, I was expecting the bass to follow suit. Clear, but a little plastic, to go with the look of these units.How wrong I was. I first fired up a couple of tracks that I couldn't hear the lower bass notes on the 215s that I knew were there and oh my goodness did I get a surprise!That however, wasn't good enough so I put on a couple of other tracks that I know have a solid bass track, and yes, same result - fantastic!At this stage I got all "OK, bring it little headphones!"So I logged onto Youtube and searched for some "Bass Test" tracks, you know - the ones that come with the "THESE MAY DAMAGE YOUR SPEAKERS" warnings.This is where things got a little weird between 202 and I (I've been granted permission to call them by their nickname now, such is the experience we had...)First track in, all good, yep there's some bass. For the first minute.THEN ALL HOLY HECK BREAKS LOOSE, AND I SWEAR ON MY LIFE MY EYEBALLS WERE VIBRATING!!I'm not kidding, my eardrums were screaming out for dear mercy and my vision was still blurry when I gave my eardrums a reprieve!Moral of the story? These are fantastic headphones - especially for the price, but do yourself a favor and keep both the bass and the volume levels down or you'll wind up like me, very happy with your purchase, but completely deaf and suffering from blurry vision.#Totally worth it.
What can I say? These are amazing headphones, and I could not approve more of the price ($20 if you shop around good).This is my second pair. The first pair got run over in a lawn mover. Very sad :(I love the audio out of these. Very comfortable (see note below). Very solidly built, although not lawnmower proof.Heads up: the cable on these is something like 10 feet long. Not really for on the go use. (Although it does come with a belt clip that you can wind your cable around. I have never used it.)I would like to note though that if you wear headphones a lot (more than 3 or 4 hours a day) you will want to buy a more expensive pair. These irritate my ears after very large lengths of time (12-14 hours). The edge of my ear feels like it is bruised sometimes after an extended listening period (I also have large ears).I have read a lot of arguments about these headphones and the technical audio aspects. All I really want to say is that you will most likely find these very crisp, clear, and powerful. The bass is warm and clear, without sacrificing great quality elsewhere. I find that when I am listening to my music collection I notice things that I never have before. Subtle accents and even people talking in the background. These have awesome audio.Overall (especially considering the price), I would recommend these to anyone. I have gifted them before. I have recommended them to a lot of people. Everyone seems to enjoy them.
I've owned a pair of these headphones and used them for about a year and eight months. The right-side headphone has stopped producing sound.They were okay until then--they would get uncomfortable after a short period, because they'd start pressing on my ears. Their adjustability was kind of odd and inconvenient. I thought they were good for the price, and now I realize that I really got what I paid for. I think I dropped them a handful of times, and never from very large heights. Maybe that's what did them in.I intend to buy a new pair of headphones, probably more expensive, and definitely not from Sennheiser.
Purchased these headphone based on the previous reviews.The audio that comes from these headphones is loud and clear. The bass was a bit overwhelming at first since I am used to the ol "white ear buds". I had to actually reduce the lower frequency levels in my audio players EQ settings.I had my wife wear these and she played some Metallica at a fairly high volume level. I sat about 5 feet away from her, and I couldn't hear what she was listening to. Some $100+ headphones with "fancy" names can't do that.These are very good at blocking out noise from the environment. Hopefully I can use these to replace my hearing protection muffs and buds while I am moving and or weed-eating.The cord is very long and comes with a handy keeper to maintain all that cord.After hearing the sound quality on these phones I am convinced that I will never use my buds again. I was able to turn the volume up to a level that was uncomfortable and they did not loose any sound quality.The headphones fit over my ear completely, and I listened to them for about an hour with minimal discomfort.Highly recommended for anyone considering those other higher priced headphones (beats etc..) as their first set.
I was hung up between these headphones and those of another well-known brand, and decided to try these because of the company's generally good reputation and the good reviews here. I am more than pleased with them. As one of the reviews I read noted, this high-end company puts the same effort and quality into their lower priced headphones as they do their premium. Sound is clear and detailed with true low and high ends. I listen to many different genres of music and these work for pop, classical, world or whatever.Some people noted they seem tight, as if made for someone with a small,head. I see what they mean. i have a small head and was always troubled by headphones that always seemed too loose. i was always pressing the headphones to my ears like you see people in recording booths do. These seemed a bit tight even on my head at first but after a few uses they seemed to adjust so that now they are just right. I would imagine that they would adjust for most people and are only super tight on the first few uses.I tend to either lose or break headphones so after a couple losses I no longer want high end, expensive ones. These work amazingly well for the low cost.
The headphones while good/great are not professional...Then again, are you really thinking you are going to find professional headphones for around 20 bucks? C'mon NOW!They borderline on being great I think personally, however I am far from a true audiophile.I enjoy music more than most but know these have some shortcomings in order to be taken to a professional level.Here is what I find to be issues with these headphones:1. The open area within the headphone itself is small, if you have medium sized ears (I know that reads funny but...) you will have a bit of an issue with covering your ears to make a decent sound environment2. Heat issues within the listing area after a while, you can lose yourself to the music and what you are doing and before you know it, it's been an hour or maybe two and the you notice that your ears are hot, a bit sweaty and hurt a tad from being cramped in the small headphone areaThose are my two issues with the headphones.If those are my only two issues for 23 bucks I paid...they are fantastic headphones.Buy them, you'll like them.
Like most people I chose these based on the price and great reviews but once again I am disappointed in the quality. The left ear just stopped working after just 6 months of medium use. The cord was super long and the little tool they give you to wind the excess cord around never worked completely, the cord would come unwound with any movement. I often had to retrace my steps while walking my dog to figure out where I lost it. The sound quality to me was just okay...I actually think my Sony MDR-ZX100's sounds better. I have had beats by Dre Solo's that fell apart after a year 6 days, cords went bad then eventually the headset literally just fell apart. They were the most expensive headphones I had ever purchased.  Radio shack wouldn't honor the extended warranty I purchased so I was just out of luck and these are just not worth even attempting to fix or replace. It's really a shame that you can't get decent headphones, that will last and don't cost an arm and a leg...and even when you do spend that arm they rarely last more than a year.
Believe all the negative reviews regarding the flimsy wiring with these headphones.  The sound is quite good through these especially for the money.  Unfortunately the wiring that connects to the cups is thin and cheap.  The housing to the right cup has cracked on mine and I no longer have sound out of the right side.  Major quality issue since I've only had these for 9 months.  By comparison I have a couple pair of AKG's which have lasted for years but they have a single side wire.  I used the Sennheisers a lot so if any of you people plan on using these phones quite a bit you may want to think twice.  There is a good possibility they will fail.  I treat all my equipment well.  I didn't step on them, etc, the flimsy cable simply broke.  Again, this is unfortunate because the sound is well on par with my more expensive AKG phones.  But for headphones that only lasted 9 months I can only give them 1 star.  I'll try and get Sennheiser to send a replacement.  Either way I will update my experience with them here.
I purchased these headphones mainly to connect to my computer to listen to music and check its sound quality for simple audio editing without connecting the computer to my main stereo.  I am also using them to connect to my ipad for music/video entertainment.  That said, my audio quality testing was performed while connected to my stereo system.AUDIO QUALITY: The bass is more than sufficient.  The midrange and treble seem to be to weak points.  The sound is almost "muffled" a bit and clearly lacks detail.FIT & BUILD:  The headphones are light and the ear pieces fit well.  Everything about the headphones feels "cheap" though I believe they will work fine for me.  I'm fairly careful with my equipment so I don't think they'll break anytime soon.  You mileage may vary.BOTTOM LINE:  These are a solid headphones for the price.  If I wanted better, more audiophile sound quality, I would have looked elsewhere but these work well for my needs.
SIZE REALLY DOES MATTER!I have no idea how these headphones have such a high rating unless everyone else in the world has tiny ears. These headphones are entirely to small for anyone with normal sized ears and will crush them, leaving you in pain after only 15 minutes of use. They will not fit over your ears but on top of them. I just measured my earlobe size which is 2.5" by 1.5" so if your ears are the same size or bigger look elsewhere for comfortable headphones.They do sound good for the price you pay, but being in pain is not worth it.I did try to stretched them out over several books for a week and then tried again for another week after the first attempt didn't work, but they just keep going back to the same size. So, there is no way to make them comfortable.Final thoughts: Avoid these headphones unless your ears will fit into them and not under them.
I had a pair of "pro" closed headphones that served well for many years and finally quit. These seemed like the close replacement for what I missed and indeed they fulfilled my (somewhat inflated) expectations for quality and performance. Decent quality (very good, for the price), good bass, well padded ear cups And headband, a ten foot cord and brand name reliability.Only negatives: the headphones seemed to chew on my ears as the hours added up (but basically comfortable for normal use). And, the "cord winder" is a simple piece of plastic. You wind the cord around and tuck it in to little cuts on the edge to make "secure". Not very farfignuggen or however it's spelled in Stuttgart. I couldn't use it, anyway.Overall, well satisfied with the performance and price at ~$20 for Sennheiser, is a bargain.
These headphones are great quality for an awesome price. I haven't had much experience with more expensive options, but I've had plenty of budget options and there's really no comparison. The bass is full and the treble is crisp. It's as if someone has added all new parts to the music I love! I greatly enjoy sitting back with anything from super delicate beach sounds to soul shakin' bass fueled vibrations, and these headphones were able to deliver on all levels. The plastic housing is flexible yet sturdy, they definitely don't feel like they're going to fall apart any time soon. And the removable ear piece is a quality feature. The cord is also more robust than your basic budget option. To sum it up; quality sound, super comfy cushion action, and an awesome price make these headphones a great buy.
Got them months ago partly because I've wanted good headphones, partly because I was promoted to general manager of my college radio station and I wanted to look the part.Real nice, they've lasted honestly longer than any other wrap-arounds I've ever had, so props to durability. Audio quality is normal (?) though I'm not an authority on that.Only problem I had is that the little wrap-up clip they have (because the cord is like 10ft and I'm not trynna trip over it) broke a couple months in from weak plastic belt-clip. Partly my fault cause it got tugged on, but like if you wrap it up with a binder clip, that suits about the same. Vague problem on otherwise solid headphone setup.Would recommend, would buy again. 9.5/10
Even though the reviews were great, I thought they were relative to the low price of these headphones. I have to say that these are by far the best headphones I have ever had at any price. Clearly I have not tried them all, but over 40+ years of using headphones, I have owned quite a few. At one time I would have said Sony had the best, but I simply don't see how any headphone could be better without literally blowing your mind (well, my mind), and at $21 the price is absurdly low. The bass is simply phenomenal and the rest of the frequencies, they seem nice and flat (the graph), although without proper gear I am only saying what I feel and hear. The chord is crazy long and the spool is nice to have, as without it the chord would be all over the place.
Best 22 dollar headset around. The sound is above average for this price range, not as good or as well crafted as my hd280's but for the price they are great. They fit much better with less clamping than my 280's. They do a much better job at keeping sound in and out as well. The 280s keep the sound in but also bleed a lot of environmental sound in while these do not. I do have concerns about the build on the 202s they seem rather cheap and plasticky but for have a lot of features you wouldn't find in a sub 30 dollar headset. Plus they are lighter than my hd280s. Overall I bought these for listening to while doing chores and having a decent sound and they fit the bill well. It wontbreolace my nicer set but I love these for the price.
These headphones do not reproduce sounds accurately.  I got them to plug into a guitar amplifier so I can practice without bothering anyone with sound coming from the speaker...(when you plug headphones into the amp, the speaker/s turn off).First of all the sound quality is awful.  Different notes on the guitar sound identical on these headphones.  Actually they sound identically poor, not close to the actual note being played.  Saying the sound is muffled would be generous.  I cannot describe how poor the sound is through these headphones.  Distortion hardly describes the noise.I tried them on the computer for gaming, but the sound reproduction there is worse than my cheap computer speakers.As a final insult the ear cups themselves are sized for a child.  As an average sized adult the ear cups don't comfortably cover my ears.Junk.  I have used Sennheiser headphones before and been satisfied.  These are pitiful.From the Amazon description:"Ideal for DJ's and audio pros,Total harmonic distortion (THD): <0.5%Very clean, deep bass response,...for pro users"All lies.The "very clean, deep base response" is laughable.Don't waste your time and money on these.
These headphones were great, WAY more than I expected for the $23 I paid for them.The problem is that the wire insulation came unattached from the left earcup, leaving the internal wires exposed. I covered it in electrical tape not wanting to send it in for service, but a few months later the speaker went dead.I sent them in for repair as they are still under warranty, and I am waiting to see what their decision is. I have never mistreated these headphones besides normal wear and tear, have never done anything to put excessive force on that cord. However, I know some companies will blame the customer for their own cheap construction.If these are repaired or replaced, I'll revise this review to 5 stars, as that's what I believe they'd earn perfectly constructed.ALSO, one minor complaint is that they are very loose on my head.  I find it surprising that people are saying they are too tight. They sound a billion times better when I press the cups tightly to my head with my hands. Again, I've never put any excessive force on the headband to stretch it out, just normal wear.I've owned these about 15 months, and use them on average about 2 hours a day.
I really love these headphones and have been using them for years. I play the drums so they're great for plugging into my phone and jamming along to songs. They block out the drum noise great and volume is perfectI have had problems with losing sound on one side, leading to me having to jiggle the cable a bit and find the "sweet spot". This could be because I kind of throw them around but this has happened with just about every pair that I've ever owned so I dunno!Other than that they're really awesome headphones!
I bought these instead of Beats.  I like Beats because my kids have them. When I saw Beats on sale, I was tempted to buy them. However, these Sennheiser HD 202 II pooped up as an option. I figured for $23.00, I'd take a chance. I am glad did! These are awesome!  While I agree with most of the reviewers about the fact that the Beats have slightly better bass,  I find that the Sennheisers separate the sound better than Beats.  Overall, the Sennheisers have adequate bass and  excellent sound clarity.  Take a chance on these!
These headphones have great, clear sound no matter what you listen to, and a nice long cord (and something to wrap it with because it is LONG). The headphones are very comfortable and I have literally worn them for hours with no discomfort whatsoever. The ONLY complaint I would make about these is that they are too soft in some cases. I fixed this by using my already-owned portable amplifier. For some people this may or not be a bad thing. Overall, a great purchase that I'd do again given the opportunity.
Was really bummed out by the quality...er, lack of quality of sound that these ear phone produced. After looking through several headphone and their reviews, I tried this becuase the reviews for these seemed to be in good standing.Now, I'm left still looking for a great head set that has low and solid bass with crisp tones and that don't have such a high pitch that your ear drums are left ringing after use. Bummer!!
These really make my music sound great for the price - the bass is really pumped up. surrounding sound is suppressed way too much, to the extent it totally immerses you in the music even at lower volumes. as the previous reviewer noted they fit way too snug/tight. but regularly wearing them helps make the tightness go away and make them comfy.
For the price, it has definitely exceeded my expectations. I highly recommend these if you're not looking to spend hundreds!  They sound gets better as you burn them it.  The highs and bass are perfect, not too overwhelming.  However, If you have a big head or ears theses are not for you regarding comfort.  They do tend to fit snug.
This is a review for the Sennheiser HD 202 Headphones. These headphones are amazing. I use these headphones for gaming, listening to music, and everything else. I've bought a lot earbuds and headphones for years and haven't ever had headphones this good for this price point. The long cord makes it easy to plug in to your computer and sit back without worrying about yanking them out of your computer and also makes you not have to buy a extension for them. I love these headphones and would buy them again.
These are great head phones and at a great price.  Problem is, that I'm on my 4th pair because the wiring does not hold up resulting in a disconnect of sound.  I would love to be able to have a knowing electrician repair the wiring on my 3 broken pair, because these are otherwise a 1st rate product.
These get five stars for sound quality in their price range, but no stars for a construction defect. I've order two sets, but after a few months both stopped playing sound out of one or both sides. They have a weakness where the cord meets headset. Sad, because I enjoyed them while they worked.
Well. I figured it was about time i wrote a review of these headphones because I just ordered my third pair... (I'll get to the reason for that later.) They are truly excellent headphones. I have never owned really fancy high end headphones, but when i compare with other similarly priced "cheap" headphones, these ones are far above the rest so for their low price, they're super worth it. I have big ears so when I wear these for a really long time, like 8 hours or so, the very tips of my ears sometimes start to hurt, but for most people it shouldn't be a problem. they're otherwise quite comfy, with squishy foam on the ear pads and the top of the headband. The sound quality compared with other brand is extremely good. And lastly, the cord is SUPER long, which I like because sometimes I will use a computer where the desktop tower is located inconveniently so I need a pretty long cord to reach it comfortably. It comes with a little round thing with a clip on that you can wrap the cord around for storage. It's nice.Only reason I give this four stars instead of five is because I am onto my third pair now for the last few years. That's because they wear out after a while. It seems like after I've had them for about two years, they always stop working, even though I take really good care of them, though disclaimer, I do use them very frequently, usually for many hours every day because I do a lot of work on computers and i listen to music during this. If you don't use them as heavily as me they'll last longer... But anyway, after a couple of years of heavy use, they always stop working in the same way--the sound will stop coming out of one side of the headphones because I guess the cord gets worn out. Then I use them a bit longer until I can't take it anymore, and then I throw them out and buy new ones. Honestly though, I'm not a headphone expert, and maybe two years of heavy use is a normal headphone lifespan. For headphones that cost less than $25 and have excellent sound quality and comfort, I can't really complain and that's why I just keep buying them over and over...
I have gone through a lot of headphones in this price range. I bought these one day and haven't found anything that can compare.The Sound Quality: Like others have said, it's the best for the price range. I'm not in to the physics aspect of it; I just want to know if they sound good. These do. The trebles are clean and not buzzy, and the bass is clear and crisp, but not overbearing. I listen to a large variety of genres - pop, rock, electro-house, k-pop, classical, chiptune, dubstep, and others. They also sound consistently great.The Structural Quality: Sadly, I think Sennheiser has been progressively reducing the quality of these headphones. I've gone through four or five pairs in the past few years, but the time in between each purchase for me seems to be shorter. It is nice that the speakers pop out of the head brace, and the head brace is fine. No issues with that. But the part of the cord that exits the speaker has unraveled on me more than once. Granted, these do get a beating from me by being tossed and bounced around my backpack with heavy books. So it may just be an issue with me. But, nonetheless, having a sturdier cord would probably solve that problem. Maybe an ever-so-slightly increase in its thickness?The Comfort: Very comfortable, BUT: these make your ears HOT after only 20 or 30 minutes of use. 60+ minutes of continuous use of these and your ears will feel like they are cookies baking in an oven. So, they double as earmuffs too - if you live in a colder climate this should not be as much of an issue. I should also note that I have a HUGE head and BIG ears, and haven't had a problem with these fitting.The Other Notes: The cord length is crazy long - I wish there was a model available with a shorter cord for people who don't need the extra length. Each time I have purchased these they have come with a free 3.5mm to 1/4 inch adapter so you can plug your headphones into a 1/4 inch jack if needed (great for those that need it). It also comes with an oval-shaped chunk of plastic that you can wrap your cord around. I've never utilized that tool.Overall, these are great for the price. I would recommend this product, but would mention what I've written here in order to aid someone else's purchase.Blessings!
I bought these headphones about a year and 3 months ago for a Europe trip. I wanted over the ear headphones so that they would cancel out some noise on planes and I didn't have a small fortune to spend on noise-cancelling ones. As soon as I opened the box I was impressed by the quality of the packaging. I was too excited to just sit there and examine the packaging. I opened them right up and plugged them into some bass tests songs I had. I was blown away by the way they handle them. I was used to the included crappy ipod earbuds as well but still these were fantastic! It was like listening to music for the first time all over again. I got a cheap pair of headphones because I wanted to shove these in my backpack during travel and not worry about if they get broken. Well after a month in Europe they were spotless. The cord is quite long but it is meant for a studio. So if you have them in your computer like I do you can get up and move around and have plenty of room too. The included cord wrap is great if you take some time to wrap the cord. sometimes the cord will come out of the notches in the wrap-up but it is not a big deal. One day I did pull these out of my backpack and one of the earphones had popped off the headband. Luckily it wasn't broken and just popped right back in.After about 6 months you could tell these were broken in and lost some quality but still sound great. I have more money now so I am in the market for some nicer Sennheiser's (Love the company) but I will still keep these as travel.Pros:Sound fantastic for Under 30 bucksDurable (headband hasn't shown any sign of cracking and cables and earphone padding still in great shapeI find them comfy. Wore these for 8 hours straight on the plane without taking them off. Although your ears might get a little warm.Block at least 50% of outside noise just by going over the earCons:Sometimes the headphone pops off of the headband if too much force is appliedThe adjusting notches of the headphones can wear down so the earphone part might adjust itselfLoses some aggressiveness after about 6 months of useAll cons put aside these are fantastic headphones from a fantastic company for a fantastic price! If you need some headphones that perform well and you are going to take them around or beat them up these are the ones! They are cheap as dirt too! Thanks for reading!
I've owned the now discontinued HD 505 version of this phone, costed only a few bucks more, but sounded just the same (only silver instead of black). Had them for nearly 10 years, before I stupidly stood up from my desk with the cord tangled up underneath my seat, and one driver got disconnected (cable broke).they lasted me long time, and I never had complaints about them. I had many near cable break accidents with them, but the cords are very strong!These headphones are excellent for listening to modern music. Rap, Pop, Rock, R&B;, House, Techno, Drum and Bass, Break-beat, just about anything that has a modern pop groove, and some drums sound good through these phones!They are sounding nice crisp, with nice lowend. If I'm correct these headphones are 24ohms, which means they should sound lower in volume than 16 or 8ohms headphones, but because of their large drivers they sound just about as loud! They can be very loud indeed!I've compared them to the much more expensive Sony MDR-V700, which sound almost the same; except these phones are more crisp and lowend, and less mids than the sony's.For that reason I would not recommend these phones if you are an audiophile and request the best and only the best, for live performances, or jazz or classical music,as these phones won't be able to accentuate the mid frequency instruments as well as the Sony's can.However if you're a hobby musician, a regular music lover, or a person who knows something or very little of audio quality, you can save those extra $150 in your pocket by buying these, as they sound almost 98% the same as the much more expensive sony's!The build quality is sufficient, you don't have much flexibility in the ear caps,but they should fit comfortably on nearly all people's headsFinally, these phones are closed phones, meaning less noise will radiate from them, so less chance of disturbing travelers sitting next to you in the bus, and reverse, less noise disturbing your music while having them on, compared to 'open' headphones.Some people mention that these headphones may cause tiredness after listening to them for a while, but I never experienced that.
I'll preface this by saying I am not an "audophile" - meaning I don't analyze the treble and bass, that to me "burn" means something is on fire, and mid-tones apply to color palettes. Okay, so you get that I'm not the most knowledgeable about music. What I DO know is when something sounds "right" or "off" to me.I just received these yesterday, and based on prior reviews (pro and con) I have been breaking them in continuously since I got them. I should note that I am a computer person; I work at my desk, so long-wear headphones that play well with computers are a must. I listen to a wide variety of music - R&B;, Rock, Jazz, Folk, etc., and have sampled varied selections just to see for myself. Everything sounded wonderful to my (admittedly untrained) ears. The bass was strong but did not drown out the softer notes, and I actually heard vocalists very clearly. I now hear nuances in music I didn't hear in my earlier, more expensive Skull Candy headphones. Pretty much every musical genre I've played has sounded "right". Of course, I can always tweak the equalizer settings on my machine if I really want to get things just right (doesn't everybody?).Regarding comfort, I've worn these a few hours in the evening, and pretty much all day at work (have them on as I'm typing this review). I didn't experience the heat others mentioned, though I would advise against wearing them outside on a warm day. I also found them comfortable (and I do not have a tiny head). The chord is long, but for me it is an advantage as I need to move around my desk freely. The provided clip works extremely well in managing the length. These babies plug into your computer headphone jack right out of the box, which is a big plus.I've read some prior complaints about the sound not being so good, etc. All things are relative. How many people have or can afford expensive, high-end headphones (or otherwise have nothing better to spend that money on)? I'll accept assertions that Bose, etc., sound better, but those are beyond my price range. Hey, if you can afford those pricey 'phones, then treat yourself, you deserve it! But, if you're like me, and money IS an object, you cannot go wrong with these headphones. As someone who tends to be frugal, I've tried plenty of cheap headphones in my day, so believe me when I say that, barring a "Black Friday" sales event, you will not find better for this price.
Model:  Sennheiser HD202  (no MkII mentioned anywhere on box/product)Seller:  AmazonPurchased:  2011-05-04Review updated:  2013-02-27Pros:+  Sounds good for the price+  Loud enough for mobile devices (relatively low impedance)+  Long cable with winder is benefit to me (other reviewers disagree)Cons:-  Not truly around-the-ear, but not fully on-the-ear either.  5/10 in comfort.-  Bass is too boomy and unnatural for studio work or critical listening.-  Lack of noise floor sounds odd and makes me suspect highs are rolled off.---  Dual cable is annoying (splits to both ears) and thin (will probably fail eventually).  [2013-02-22 update]  Left cable failed at earpiece entry with careful, non-portable use.Details:I needed an affordable set of headphones for use with live performance mixing at a church, but I initially tested them in my home and this review is based around home stereo listening.  I wanted to test drive these cans before buying a pair for myself.  I purchased the HD202's directly from Amazon using supersaver shipping and received them in the usual time.  The product page claims they are the MkII version, but neither the box nor the headphones said anything at all about these being the MkII model.  Other people have reported the same issue when buying directly from Amazon.  However, this matters little to me as I am not aware of any major difference in either design or sound quality.Build quality is merely okay for the price.  Everything is plastic, but I expected that.  Though I doubt these headphones would survive punishment, they will be fine for me.  The plastic headband cannot be bent to alter the clamping pressure, but I found that the pressure was about right for my rather average head.  The cabling is very thin and splits near the headphones to supply each ear piece.  I don't like the thin cable as it may eventually fail and other reviewers have mentioned just such a problem, but I tend to take care of my equipment so perhaps this will be fine.  The Y-split in the cable is more of an issue for me as I don't like having cord go to each side.  However, this design does avoid cable failure inside the headband, which has happened with other earphones I've owned.  In theory, the Y-split cheaper to manufacture and avoids complex cable routing that can short out.  In reality, you'll find a handful of other reviewers that had the cable fail where it enters the ear cups.The 202's are not tight or uncomfortable on my head as some reviewers have reported.  I was expecting the worst and was relieved to find that I could wear these headphones for quite some time without discomfort.  They do eventually hurt my ears after hours of listening, though.  Other reviewers are correct when they criticize the headphones for being smaller than expected.  The ear cups are not large enough to fully surround most ears, yet they don't necessarily sit on top of the ears, either.  I imagine that this fit depends greatly upon the user's head and ears.  I find that the padded cups just barely fit around the top and sides of my ears, but sit on the earlobes around the bottom.  People with larger ears may not like the fit.  Another reviewer found that the inner surface of the earphones tended to touch his ears and after hours of wearing them I found this to be true.  The cups simply need to be larger and deeper to be truly around-the-ear.Sound quality is good, but not superb.  I am accustomed to neutral-sounding, open-backed (i.e. more expensive) headphones and was initially rather shocked at the exaggerated bass of these cans.  This "extra" bass is marketed as a feature of this model, so I shouldn't have been surprised.  At first the sound reminded me a bit of some of the Sony headphones I've tried; like muddy water.  However, the HD202's aren't quite that bad and most people will probably find the bass response a benefit.  I adapted to the sound and don't hate it, but it's not quite "right" to me.  I'll admit, however, that they sound good for a low-priced headphone and I'm not sure of anything that will beat them at this price.  Music that already has a lot of bass sounds boomy and muffled in these cans, but perhaps that's somewhat inevitable with a closed-back design.  Music with less bass sounds more filled out, though, so it's hit or miss.  It's rather surprising how much the exaggerated bass ruins certain tracks, yet seems neutral or even compliments other tracks even of the same genre.  I never have this problem with more neutral sounding headphones or speakers, so these Sennheiser's certainly impart their own personality to the sound.  That personality is usually annoying, but hip-hop lovers will probably like the effect.There is another sound issue that I can't quite get used to; the lack of a noise floor.  I highly suspect that my shorted-out old headphones ruined my listening skills as they were quite noisy, but by comparison the HD202's seem unnaturally quiet to me.  I cannot hear my antique integrated amp's fairly substantial noise floor through these cans and that bothers me.  It's not helpful to simply crank up the highs in the EQ, however, as the sound quickly gets harsh.  Cymbals sound fairly muffled or gated in these cans; they are plenty loud enough, but seem to fade quickly.  Music generally sounds so clean that it becomes sterile somehow.  If you take away the exaggerated bass response, these cans sound flat and uninteresting with no musical warmth whatsoever.  But, hey, they cost thirty bucks.  Let's face it; at this price most headphones are crap and designed primarily to makes bass-heavy music sound good.  The HD202's are aimed squarely at that market, but they usually don't allow the bass to ruin everything else.  I suspect you can't do much better for the money.  I'm passing on them, however.  My pair will be going into service in sound reinforcement mixing (neutrality not a priority) and 'll be saving up some more cash so I can get a better pair of headphones.  Basically, I tried living with affordable earphones and failed.  Each time I put these cans on my head I am annoyed that they exaggerate the bass.  On the other hand, they are great for watching movies without disturbing anyone.[Edited 2013-02-22]  Just a note that the Left cable shorted out after a year and a half of careful use.  The failure occurred at the point where the cable enters the earpiece, just as some other reviewers have reported.  Contrary to my earlier review, these headphones ended up being used solely in my home and never for portable listening.  My HD202's have certainly not been abused and the cable has not been wound up or bent sharply in any way, yet the cable failed after about 20 months.  The headphones are otherwise in great shape, but I must rate cable durability as extremely poor when I consider how many other reviewers have reported a similar failure mode.
Now, getting this out of the way, These Were AWESOME! The sound quality was great! Until the right ear kicked the can. The right ear died after about a year or so of use. At this price, that's fine and something that I would expect, but it was still disappointing.
I don't know if the other negative reviewers are on something, but these headphones for only 20$ are among the best I've ever used. The sound quality is superb (well at least on my Ipod Classic), and the balance between treble and bass is evenly layered out so it doesn't sound bleak. I got these buggers 4 months ago and I still use them for daily use. The noise isolation is very good, well at least for me because I have small so ears so the suction cups wrap around my ears completely and provide ultimate isolation. On top of this, these headphones are loud, and that gives it a major plus. However, there's a slight chance you may have to get the KOSS inline volume control, because when I say loud, they are LOUD. Even on 1% volume with my Classic the music is still rather opening, but use of the inline volume control the sound becomes a lot quieter.There's only one minor fault with these headphones, and that is the cord is outrageously long. And to add onto the inline volume control, the cord extends nearly 2-2 1/2 feet. It's not really a bad thing, but it does occasionally get in the way of things.But to conclude, these headphones are probably the best 20$ I've ever spent. I get top of the notch quality with these things, and then more. I would strongly reccomend these cans, and this is coming from an Audiophile. (Well sort of lol)PROS:Might be the fact i'm using my Ipod Classic, but the Noise Isolation is very,very good.Sound QualityDurableBuilt strongCONS:Cord LengthGET THESE HEADPHONES!!!
I received the product today.  Despite the warnings in other reviews about the sharp plastic edges after opening the package, I managed to cut myself on the package.  And that was me being careful, I thought.I was expecting the sound to be weak based on other reviews, and while these headphones required a higher level on my volume control than my previous Sony low end (MDR V150) headphones, there was more than enough power from my tiny pocket radio to power them.  I do think the cord is quite thin - especially compared to my previous headphones.  The plastic holding one of the earpieces to the headband broke on the Sony unit which is why I got these.  The headphones before the Sony had a thin cord (like these HD 202's) and that cord had issues with sound cutting in and out.  The plastic winder supplied for the excess cord is WAY bigger than I expected.  It is much too bulky to use when on the go.  But using the ties that come with the cord when shipped should do a good job of containing the cord (that is what I have done with previous units).  The ear units on the 202's are a little larger than the Sony's and the padding is significantly thicker.  After limited use, I am very pleased with the sound, volume and fit.  I seldom wear them for more than an hour at a time so hope I do not experience any of the issues others report after longer wearing.  My biggest concern is the thin wire and whether it will stand up with repeated use.I will update this review if I have problems.
When I ordered these headphones, I was slightly apprehensive (though hopeful after reading the product reviews given on here) due to a purchase of the Sennheiser HD201 Headphones a few months ago...that I returned the very next day. The HD201 model leaked a lot of sound. An outsider could hear pretty much everything at 75% volume.The HD202 model is much better. It does leak some sound at 100%, but at about 75% it still holds up. Sound leakage is a big deal for me, because I'm a student that does school work in quiet computer labs or just around people in general. They aren't perfect, but they work better than anything else I've had.The sound quality itself is pretty decent. I'm not used to good headphones, so I have nothing better to compare them to. I had a cheap pair of SkullCandy earbuds before these and I hated them.It does not do a very good job at noise cancellation. At 50% volume I can still hear voices and movements sometimes (depending on what I'm listening to).Comfort wise, its nice! The ear phones swivel a bit, and the cushion at the top is nice. If you wear glasses though, it might start to bug you after about an hour or two.The cord is very long...but they give you a nice cord wrap.Overall, I'm happy with these, especially for the price I paid. They do the job that I got them for! And thats what matters.
I bought these headphones from another retailer but figured I would put in my two cents here.Pros:For the price, I personally feel the sound is phenomenal. I have another set of fancy gaming headphones I use at home that were 5 times the price of these, and I honestly cannot tell the difference in quality between the two. I love bass and these certainly deliver.They have an extra long cord and come with a plastic cord-wrappy thing. Very handy for me, as I use these at a desk and would otherwise be rolling over the cord with my office chair.Cons:Comfort. I bought these specifically  because they are cheap, heavily padded, and around-the-ear style. I use these for my job so I wear them 8+ hours a day; any pressure on my ears gives me a headache after a short while. I thought all the padding would mean these would be super comfortable. Wrong. The ear cups on these are TINY. Like, miniscule. I am not a large person (5'1") and my ears barely fit. So yes, they get hot. Secondly, the cups are not very deep. Even though they are padded, the cups are so shallow the interior speakers actually press on the shell of my ears. By the end of the day I have painful red marks from the pressure on the folds of my ears.In sum, great sound, but too painful to wear for long periods of time. I will be replacing them.
This is an updated review after using four pairs of these headphones over a number of years.First off, the bad: the durability is so-so. The audio wires have 3 weak points where they connect to the ear cups and to the audio jack, and most likely they will eventually break at one of these points. In fact, for two of the pairs I have (did not try with the other two) right out of the box the sound cuts off if the wire is gently pressed where it connects to the audio jack. So I'd say only get these headphones if you plan on using them while standing still. They are definitely not jogging material and probably not even walking around material.Now the good: Sennheiser will fix them for free if they break during the TWO YEAR warranty. I've had to send 2 pairs in, one was repaired, the second they replaced with a brand new pair in an unopened box! How nice is that. :) The whole process is done on the Sennheiser website and is fairly painless, they even provide a shipping label. And it's possible to download the proof of purchase off your Amazon account, so it's not necessary to have the original paper receipt lying around.Why I keep buying them: Because for $23 and at least 2 years of use, these sound amazing! Factoring in the sound, price, durability and occasional inconvenience of having to drop off a pair for repairs these headphones are a great deal.
Bought this set of headphones for my daughter.  She is a smaller 15 year old so the fit wasn't as snug as she would have liked.  However, she wanted to keep them because the sound was so good.  She said the sound was better than earphones.  This was just what she was looking for.  They are comfortable and unless she has the volume really cranked and I'm not aware of it, she claims she hears no outside interference.  For the money, these seem to be just right.Honestly, I'm not knowledgeable about this sort of equipment and never heard the name of this brand before.  I was actually looking for the standard household name brand, like Sony or Bose.  But Jeez...Bose is $$$!  Especially for a girl who is rough on her "toys".  My daughter has gone through 3 pairs of earphones in a year!  I needed something more durable for her ITough use.  It was the reviews sold me on trying this brand and then this particular pair out.  That is why I try to give reviews because they really help me decide.  Although I must admit, I hate writing crappy reviews unless the product is just horrible.  Then I will rip the product right up.  It's just easier to write about products that deserve it!  If it's not worth recommending to others, I won't usually bother writing a review.  I don't really have the time!  Hope this helps someone!
Update Dec 2013: Some reviews have claimed that these headphones don't last, and I just wanted to update and say that I've had no problems since buying these in fall 2011. Still working as good as new!I love music and listen to it all the time, but I'm not the kind of audiophile who can hear a difference between MP3s, CDs, and LPs.  That being said, these headphones have been a real pleasure to use.  I use mine with a Sansa Clip+ most of the time, and occasionally I'll plug them into my computer.  I wear them with the Clip+ for 8 hours a day at work to block out chatter while I concentrate.  Occasionally, I am tasked with loud assignments like industrial paper shredding; they keep the shrill mechanical noise out well.  The soft ear cups block out everything once a little music is going, and they are light and comfortable enough to wear all day.  The plastic is light, but I don't feel like it is fragile.  The cord is really long--maybe about 6 ft--which is much more than I need, but Sennheiser included a spool for the excess to be wound around.  I think they have a nice depth of sound, but again I don't make a living by being able to tell the subtle differences in music.  If you don't either, I'd highly recommend these headphones.
as far as sound goes i don't think it can get much better than this for $20. they sound fine and have some decent bass compared to my sony mdrzx100's that i paid $20 for a couple years ago. the highs are definitely not as crisp as you'd find with more expensive headphones but are still pretty decent. i'm completely satisfied as these will suit my purposes for them. i bought them to fill in a gap in my headphone arsenal. i needed some lower level headphone options for mixing songs with and for that they are great! they make for a good bass and mid freq reference. the only issue i have (and its a minor one at that...) is that i have a rather large and bulbous cranium:^/ and these don't quite wrap around my head the way i'd like them too. perhaps over time the headband will ease up but only time will tell. until then i will make good use of these as they are.Update: 9-15-14: these are really great headphones! they sound really good for the price the ONLY problem for me is that they are not adjustable to wrap properly around my rather large and bulbous cranium;^( but they have been very useful to me in highlighting inconsistencies in my mixes and helping me to achieve a pleasing sound;^) i use these against my Shure840's for reference.
I got these to replace my now brokenSennheiser HD 201 Lightweight Over Ear Headphonesand I can't be any more happy with these headphones. Now they are smaller and tighter on the head than the 201s, which is the only complaint I have with these headphones for the time being; I've only had them for 2 days so that's not nearly enough time to get accustomed to them. In a way I sort of disliked how loose the 201s got after heavy use, so these headphones being tighter on the head is sort of a good thing. The ear cups are also smaller than the 201s and in my case actually more so go onto my ears. This does make my ears a bit sore after extended use.Now sound wise, these are louder than the 201s for sure; and the bass is definitely more powerful. Though I would say the bass on the 201s were cleaner. They're both great for the price point, but I would say I favor these more.I also really appreciate the cable winder that came with these headphones too, the 201s didn't come with one; and those basically have the same exact cable. The clip on the winder is also handy for on the go listening.So all in all, for the price point you can't beat the power and sound that these headphones have to offer.
Sennheiser HD 202 MK 2 are wonderful. Comfortable, better than Bose. I like to watch netflix on my spiffy laptop. With the headphones when sounds such as the shootout in front of the bank in Heat the quality is amazing. 12 gauge shotgun slugs, and 9mm smashing glass are realistic. The first movie I remember watching and of course listening to was Rampage. The antagonist in full heavy armor is walking down the street firing an AK-47 indiscriminately. Bose "You aint even in the running". Sennheiser is in a class by itself. I listen to classical music like MONTEVERDI (1567-1643): Vespers of the Blessed VirginMonteverdi ChoirEnglish Baroque SoloistsJohn Eliot Gardiner, conductorand the incredible sounds are like actually being seated in one of the worlds great Basilicas listening live as the great music is performed. It is easy to forget you are listening and to feel like you are at the original performance. When your new headphones arrive and you open the packaging, you are opening a window to a new and wonderful world where only imagination can limit you. Be sure to listen to a little classical music, even if you never have before. You will be glad you did. Enjoy the moment, life is fleeting.
I recently received the Sennheiser HD 202 from Amazon. I had been looking for quality headphones for some time and saw that several major artists use Sennheiser, and I saw this one on one of the favorite dubstep artists. Ironicly enough, I was listening to a song by that artist when my headphones blew out during a bass drop! Sad! My first instinct was to get Sennheiser HD 202, and they meet and surpass any expectations. It's like hearing a totally new, better, song. A totally new music experience. Well you may say to yourself, I don't listen to dubstep. I personally listen from everything from dubstep to pop, to rock and roll, and to jazz. I must say the Sennheiser HD 202 have impressed me on ALL levels. The bass brings out the rich tones of the instruments and you can actually hear extremely small twinkles in songs that you probably NEVER knew were there. They sound equally amazing with the volume at any level. They are also extremely comfortable, cover ears completely in a dice music done, and fit comfortably for a long time even with glasses. If you want durable, amazing, comfortable, inexpensive, quality headphones Sennheiser HS 202s are for you! Don't spend it elsewhere. Great investment.
These Sennheiser HD 202 headphones have good sound, but unless you have a head the size of a kids', you won't be able to wear them very long. I read several reviews where other people were saying that but, measured the intended head, determined it is fairly small, and decided maybe the peopple complaining had larger heads. I should have believed the reviews. These headphones are comfortable for my thin, 12 year old grandaughter, but she's the only one. I've had several people check them out and all say the same thing. Too tightly uncomfortable to wear for more than  half hour or so.Since I like to listen to music while catching up on things at night after hubby has gone to bed, these will not work for me. Will look into returnng them. Does anyone know of any low cost Senn's that have a little more rooom for an adult head? I wear a size small hat, so it's not my head.I already own the HD130 & HD 140, which are fairly comfortable to wear for long periods, and just need a lower end set for occaisional use on another computer without having to disconnect them off my desktop.As I said, the sound is pretty good for low end hedphones, just wish they were comfortable.
My old iPod headphones broke so i went on a search for some decent headphones. I wanted some good headphones for watching movies on my iPad with minimal outside noise interference but I know I don't want to pay $200-300. During my research i eliminated beats by dre because I tried them out watching zombieland and they were so tight it gave me a headache. I came upon these and I like the price so I read the reviews here and went to YouTube checked out more reviews and I made the purchase. I'm glad I did. First movie i tried them with was The Dark Knight and i can say they gave excellent sound canceled all the noise around me I was in the movie I forgot I was laying in bed around me was my kids laughing and talking and my wife talking on the phone and I was happy that I can only hear the movie only when the scenes in the movie were real quiet can I hear a little outside noise but nothing that distracted me from the movie oh and yes they are comfortable on the ears. For the $20 I Paid for I can't ask for more but I did take some reviewers advice and registered the headphones they have a two year warranty if anything goes wrong. Overall I'm very happy with my purchase
I have a pair of Sennheiser HD570's that I love, and another pair of Sennhesier headphones that are over 20 years old and still sounds great and work wonderfully.  So I had some expectations of the HD202 when I bought two pairs last Christmas for my kids (middle school aged).Well...the product just has not performed well.  The ear pieces on headphones are somewhat small, which worked fined for the kids, but are not comfortable for me.  The sound is not as rich or warm as my HD570's (okay, to be honest, I did not expect these to perform at that level), but it still was not as full as I would expect.  Again, for my kids, it was fine.  The biggest issue -- it is less than a year later and both pairs have had one ear piece stop working.  Neither pair has been abused or used in any type of extreme condition.  Mostly used to listen iPods and portable video games around the house or the summer road trip. If both pairs were still working, I would consider this about a 3.5/5 product, but the failure of both is unacceptable.This year I will spend a little more and find something that has a chance of lasting for a few years.
Quality Assessment:- Sound is very balanced and crisp.- Good bass.- Good highs.- Excellent mids.- Very good quality sound.- Blocks out outer sounds very well.Summary:The Sennheiser HD205 II are great and a fantastic buy on Amazon!Detail:I've historically used Sony Headphones (I'm a fan of Sony) at the $50 - $60 price point and these headphones @ full retail sit at the same price point. The difference between the two are like day and night. I've produced 2 studio albums with my last set of Sony Headphones (in the aforementioned price bracket) and when I put on the Sennheiser HD205 II, I was able to hear detail and clarity in music that I was previously unable to notice headphones at the same retail price level in the Sony's offering.To make the deal even sweeter, I only paid $17 for these (found them on sale on Amazon, they're normally not less than $50 full retail). These are literally the best quality earphones that I've owned to date and I paid less for them than for any other decent headphones I've used in production work.Buy them!
These headphones are Ok considering the cheap price, but there are certainly some cons to consider as has been mentioned by others as well.If you want quality, comfortable headphones this one isn't quite there.Pro'sThey are fairly efficient with decent volume and bass response.But I wouldn't get them again.Cons:The 10ft long cord gets in the way sometimes and it's very thin so longevity can't be expected.They have soft padding but I can only wear them about half an hour before they start to hurt since they only fit over fairly small ears.The small 1 1/4" x 2" inside opening is too small to fit over an average person's ear's so it ends up pressing right on the edge of your ears.The "Y cord" is not a good feature, basically there's a thin wire coming out from both sides so the wire ends up under your chin where the 2 ends joins back together.It's a lot more convenient to have the wire exit from ONE side only.  This has 2 cords to keep track of.It's too late now since I didn't catch some of the detail in time.
I purchased these headphones because I just needed something for the office. I'm not an audiophile or headphone connoisseur. I have a desk job at an ad agency that requires long hours of sitting and it's nice to play music or listen to something while I work. As I've done marketing work for Sennheiser in the past this may seem biased since they were a former client, but I chose these because I knew it was a brand name that has great quality regardless of price point.These headphones confirm that belief. The sound quality is good for the price. I'm not overly impressed but not left feeling anything is lacking. They are perfect for what I need.I have been using them for about 2 weeks now, for about 2-4 hrs a day. They come with a nice 10 ft cord that you may find too much for your needs if you're like me and just using them at work, but it's nice to know that if I need that range, it's there. They also incluse a handy spool that you can wind the access cord not being used around to keep things neat and tidy.Honestly, the only real negative about these headphones is that they are uncomfortable when used in long periods. Anything over an hr and my ears start to get a little soar. But for the price, I can't really complain.If you just want a reliable good quality headphone that you'll only need for short increments, I'd recommend these.
EXCELLENT EXCELLENT head-phones. I had to to through three different headphones (from different companies and different brands) to finally find head phones that are priced well and actually demonstrate quality---these headphones are made with great material, reliable material, offers great sound, even has base, super long cord--some may not like a super long cord, but use a twist tie to bunch it together if necessary. The long cord offers immense flexibly and moveably, but the important thing is that these are QUALITY headphones.They don't break easily, I carry them everywhere, in my backpack, to the gym, in my purse, i mean i take them everywhere and they hold up VERY VERY well. I am telling you A GREAT BUY for someone who needs headphones often. I use these heads every single day.  Keep in mind, if they are a little snug when you first get them, they WILL loosen up with time and little use. Please don't be discouraged if at first they are a little snug--it gets better. For the price its difficult to complain. Worth the purchase, Go for it!
I bought both these and the Sony MDR-ZX100 ZX Series Headphones (White).  I listen to music all day at work, so I bought one for work and one for my home office.  While the Sony's have a sleeker look and are cheaper, I'd purchase these over the Sony's without hesitation.Sound QualityThe sound quality is similar to me.  The Sony's are rated for a wider range, but to me they sounds about the same.ComfortSome reviewers say that these are uncomfortable, but I don't mind them.  Compared to the Sony's, these are much more comfortable.  The band over the top of the head is tighter with the Sony's, also it is not padded (as it is with these).  The other thing is that the padding around the ears greater with these than the Sony's - you can see that just by looking at the pictures.So if you're looking for headphones and comparing these against the Sony MDR-ZX100 ZX Series Headphones (White) which are in the same price range, I'd buy these if you need the comfort, buy the Sony's if you are more concerned with the sleeker look.
I bought these to use instead of ear buds with my iPod in a noisy work environment. I mostly listen to podcasts so noise reduction was my main goal and these have more than fulfilled that purpose. Sound quality is great and I can turn the volume down and still hear spoken word. The ears cups are pretty soft and almost cover my entire ear but I have large ears so I knew going in that might be an issue. More importantly I was concerned about the headset being uncomfortably tight on my big head. From reviews here on Amazon it seemed that they would be comfortable and they are. I usually wear them for up to 8 hours at a time and have had no issue with comfort. The cord is extra long too which was a bonus compared to the ear buds. It comes with a cord winder for the slack and sometimes that falls off my desk but maybe I just haven't figured out the best way to utilize it. I am very pleased with this purchase and I feel that the price was excellent. I would have given them 5 stars if the ear cups were a little bit bigger and therefore more comfortable for me.
I bought these to use with my digital piano, so I was looking for something that would be comfortable to wear for long periods of time, and provide rich sound quality.  I trusted the positive reviews on these headphones and I'm glad I did.  I regularly play for over an hour or more, and I have yet to find them uncomfortable.  In fact, they are so pleasant to wear that I almost have to remind myself I'm wearing them before getting up.I like that they come with the 1/8 to 1/4 adapter since my piano headphone jack is the 1/4 inch plug, and the cord is nice and long so I don't feel constrained to limited movement.For only $25 I'm impressed with how they sound.  I feel I'm able to get the full range of what I paid for in my digital piano (a Casio PX-150), and actually prefer to play while wearing the headphones over outputting through the onboard piano speakers.I'm very happy with my purchase, and would definitely recommend these to anyone interested.
I'll admit to purchasing these headphones mostly out of the great price they were listed at.  Granted, the purchase took me a couple days to make as I compared several brands with many reviews to find out if they would be a suitable fit for me.  When I received the headphones today, I was overjoyed to finally have a pair of headphones that weren't the usual $5 pieces of crap that were simply affordable rather than what would be wanted.I'll say they fit damn near perfectly on my head/over my ears.  There is light pressure but it's easily forgotten once the music starts pouring in.  The clear distinction of all instruments, the crispness of vocals, that perfect emphasis of bass.. all blend into a wonderful experience from the beginning of a track right until the end.Do I regret this purchase?  No.Is it worth it?  For anyone looking to upgrade some dingy set of headphones or simply looking for an affordable and enjoyable experience, yes.  It is worth it a thousand times over.
They're very nice for what they are. Not expensive. They fit comfortably. The sound was fine for awhile when I got them.Still, the flaw is that the audio wires are affixed to the headset. Eventually, they get snagged on a branch while you're mowing, or they get caught on a drawer handle in the kitchen, or the wire gets damaged in a million other scenarios. And once the wire gets damaged slightly, the sound isn't the same.Why, at this point, isn't it standard to just make all headphones feature audio cables that can be unplugged? So when they catch on something, the cable pulls right out instead of breaking the point where they connect? So when the cable is otherwise damaged somewhere, you just pull out another $1 audio cable and replace it?Seems like a design flaw at this point. Unless it's intentional because they've crunched the numbers and realized they'll sell way more headphones by letting the audio cable remain such a weak spot?
I'm writing this review with the understanding that these headphones cost under $25...Sound quality - unbeatable at this price.  Solid bass, decent accuracy.  They could handle my bass guitar when being used as a direct monitor.Comfort - Okay.  They weren't uncomfortable, but not really super comfortable either.  They're acceptable.  They didn't bother me after using them for a couple of hours.  They're nowhere near as comfortable as my Beyerdynamic DT770.Cable - Super long and comes with a cable manager.  The cable does connect to both ears and I prefer the single ear configuration.Bottom line - These are the best under $25 headphones you can get.  I've tried a bunch, and these take the cake.  The HD 201 might be slightly better in some respects like appearance and possible comfort.  However, I believe the sound quality is a little bit better in my opinion, although it's obvious that the EQ is tilted toward the low end somewhat.
My kids love listening to music, and these headphones are perfect for them.  The cord is very long, which makes them handy on the occasion when they need a long cord.  But, the cord can be wrapped in a little device that is included for that purpose, so the cord is not in the way when you do not need the extra length.  My son, who is a high school senior, has been using his to listen to music while he does his homework.  He listens to Jazz and classical, and is particular about the sound of his music.  He loves the sound of these headphones.  He also finds that they block enough outside sounds that he is not distracted while doing his homework.  It helps him concentrate.  When my daughter asked for headphones for Christmas, we researched headphones again, but ended up buying the same headphones for her.  We didn't find anything else in the same price range that looked like they would be better.  She has been using them the last two days, and loves them!!
EXCELLENT!  YOU DON'T NEED TO LOOK ANY FURTHER!!  CAN'T BEAT THE PRICE!This is my 2nd pair - I bought the HD 202 in July 2009.  Unfortunately the wires connected at the base of each earphone died.  Used responsibly these will last a long time.SOOO COMFORTABLE!!!  I searched for a pair of comfortable and affordable headphones for my slightly larger than average head.  These are definitely not tight.  I can wear these all day.The sound quality is also great.  I'm not a pro, but I think it's great.  I listen to a very wide variety of music from Rap to Classical and it all sounds great.  I also use them for streaming video from my laptop.Adjustable and long cord.When I purchased the first ones, there were reviews of humming.  I did have that problem at first---BUT I realized it was due to an USB fan connected to my laptop.  I disconnected it and voila it was gone!
I bought these as an inexpensive way to keep down distraction in my "open office plan" office.  (A horrible idea for people paid to think for a living.)  These are the first closed headphones I have owned.  I have more expensive Sennheiser and Grado headphones.These were a huge improvement over the ear buds I had been using in the office in both sound quality and keeping the distracting sounds of co-workers from disturbing my work.  My only complaint is they feel a little tight on my ears and if they had a bigger can to fit around my ears instead pressing against them it would be much more comfortable.Over all though, I still look forward to listening to them when I get into the office.  Yes there are better headphones out there, these are better than any $25 pair have a right to sound.  Give them a try before dropping more for less sound.
These headphones have been a pretty solid buy so far. I bought them primarily for my guitar and bass (wanna plug in without waking the roomies and neighbors) and they have worked fairly decently. Overall, the sound is muffled for that purpose, but listening to recorded stuff? It's amazing! A friend recently recorded a demo, and the sound quality change compared to regular ol' earbuds was so much better with these puppies. If you are looking for recording headphones? save up and get something more, but for the casual listener who wants more out of their experience, and versatility for a good price, you can't go wrong. The ONLY complaint I have is this: the cable and wraparound attachment (otherwise you have quite a bit of loose cable) is a liiiiittttle too bulky for my tastes, even with the belt clip part, but with winter approaching, I can just stuff it in my pocket.
After thoughtful consideration, and reading so many reviews, I bought this headphones. My main deciders were audio quality, price and reliability (based on brand name). In all those criteria this headphones is a clear 5-star for me. One other pros that I hadn't thought about is the length of the chord and the convenience of winding it to appropriate length - very thoughtful by the designers.The only thing I don't like about it is the inconvenience it causes in the ears. Wearing spectacles, amplifies the strain near the ears. I was hoping that with time the plastic will lose its tightness - but it has been 8 months and nothing has changed. It is good in some ways, but the discomfort persists. But, when I start watching something that is far more engrossing, the discomfort gets out of the way. So, if comfort is an important factor for you, look elsewhere.
So my standard iPod headphones were getting old-- the rubber peeled off, wires were exposed, etc. I needed new headphones. BUT, I didn't want to spend hundreds of dollars on a pair of headphones and a picture of Dr. Dre. Sorry, I'm in college; I don't have money. So, I got these. When they came, I was blown away by the sound quality. It was a definite upgrade from my broken, crappy iPod headphones. A couple of minor complaints: the cord is ridiculously long, and the headphone itself is a bit tight. I know others have been complaining that it was unbearable, but for me it wasn't too bad. I just have to take a little break every thirty minutes or so because by then, my ears feel as if they're on fire from all the blood that's in there. It's honestly not as bad as it sounds. So overall, great headphones for the price. Highly recommended.
I bought both the Sennheiser HD 201s and HD 202s, with the idea of picking one of them to leave at church for mixing live sound. I bought the Audio-Technica ATH-AD700s a couple weeks ago (were $92 !!! for a day, seem to be ~$112 now) for home use.The 202s ... meh. Tight, earpads are smaller, fit ON my ears (which aren't that big), and uncomfortable compared to the 201s. The 202s seem to have more/louder bass, but maybe the tighter fit is one reason. Lower the bass ~3dB and they sound similar in the bass, and possibly a bit clearer in the mids and highs, but I couldn't imagine wearing them for more than 1/2 hour. I do have a large head, so that might be part of the 'problem'!Bottom line: Unless your head is on the smaller side, and/or you like tight-fitting 'phones, get the 201s instead. They compared pretty well with the AD700s in comfort and sound quality. In fact, if you can swing it, look for the ATH-AD700s to go 'on sale' again and get those! They are actually worth the extra money ...
I am new to buying headphones as I bought earbuds since I was in Junior High.Someone told me try headphones for better sound, but I remember the old headphones that hurt my ear and was just a bother to have on my head.I purchased these headphones just to see how different they are from earbuds. As soon as I played my first song, I knew I had been a fool all this time. The same songs that I have been listening to sound much better and the bass sound incredible. The comfort of these headphones let me forget that I am even using headphones. They are very lightweight and the cushion of the ear pieces feel snug, but comfortable.My only complaint is that I am not used to how long the headphones wire is. But, that is just a personal preference and does not diminish how amazing the headphones are.
What a pleasant surprise. I was really just looking for some cheaper noise cancelling headphones to wear at work. I use studio headphones and have in my home studio arsenal cans by Shure, Sony, and Beyerdynamic. These Sennheiser HD202's are simply amazing not just for the price point but for the comfort and function. The sound quality is absolutely stellar, even when listening to a 48khz AAC+ web radio stream. And now that I have these, I've noticed them being used in radio studios and being included in condenser microphone package deals. I also like the belt-clipping cable spool that comes with it so you can wind up the non-coiled cord neatly.Haven't used these for studio work as of yet but they do sound comparable to my $200 Beyerdynamic 770's and sound much better than my Sony MD7506 cans.
I've owned Sennheiser microphones and headsets, and always revered this brand and its products.  But this headphone just does not do anything special for me.1) Too tight, uncomfortable even at the max stretch.  Like the three-star reviewer said, after a while it actually hurts.  For me, it's more like 10 minutes.  It may work for kids, but not the average adult.  I have a normal head circumference, not a walking candy apple or anything.2) The earpieces are neither comfortable nor have any sound isolating effect.  I know it doesn't promise it, but you'd expect some protection from noise.  My ear buds ranging from $6 to $30 all do a better job.3) The sound is okay. Nothing bad, but nothing "sennheiser" about it either.Recommendation ... skip this one.
I was in the market for a nice pair of headsets - and saw the great reviews on this and decided to buy these to use while I searched for a "real" pair of headphones.The sound quality of these is far better than that of my Apple earpods - and of another set of headphones I have.  The thing I like about these most is the fact that no one else can hear anything I'm listening to - even if I have the volume cranked up to the max.The sound quality is so great, I can hear notes and details in music that I have never heard before - even with classic rock songs I have been listening to for decades.I was going to buy a nice $300 set of whiz-bang headphones, but these are just so good - and such a game changer that I haven't been motivated to get another set.
I wanted a headphone with more bass than my audio-technica ATH-M40fs but I didnt want to spend too much right now. I read reviews and saw this as the best product sounds, bass and good price.Pros:good soundgood bass (not overdrowning)VERY comfortable, wore it for 3 hrs  straight and my ears feel finevery light (I wear glasses and it doesnt press on my glasses as much as the audio-technica, which is heavier)Consplastic design (which goes back to the lightness)long cord ( I didnt need such a long cord)can't use it for traveling bc you cant fold itdoesnt isolate sound (I wasnt looking for it but if you are looking for this quality, then this headphone isn't for you.Good buy overall, I don't regret buying it.
When I got these, I was wowed!  The quality is the very best.... They are NOT cheap looking but very modern and luxurious.  The soft pads for your ears will allow you to listen to whatever it is that you want for hours. (Trust me... I bought my daughter an expensive pair and she is complaining they hurt her ears). The bass is INCREDIBLE!!!!!  These REALLY ARE Professional Headphones.  The sounds are absolutely to die for.  I am so glad that I stumbled upon these!!!!  Believe every word of the description..... have no doubts. I bought a pair and I love them!!!  (my daughter is not going to "borrow" these!"  I am going to use them with my Kindle Fire HD!  Update: these do not work with my kindle fire hd and I can't get any answers as to why not.  I am getting irritated.
The range on these headphones provide deep rich crystal clear bass as well as crisp very pronounced highs.  The listening experience is very nice, and blows every single pair of headphones I've had in the past of the water.  They easily give those expensive $150-$200 headphones you see at Best Buy like the Dr Dres 'and Bose a serious run for their money.  Maybe not quite as good, but for $25 they come close enough.  I would highly recommend these to anyone.  I also think the comfort level is great.  The thick padding also helps to cushion your ears from quite a bit of background noise.The cord is quite long, but they give you a plastic piece to wrap any unused slack in the cord and it also has a clip for a belt loop.Once again, an exceptional value!
April 29th 2012 is the day I purchased these and I loved them. I ran over the cord one too many times and they couldn't take it any longer. I've had many pair of headphones but these are honestly the best I ever had. Its true, at first they grip your head with a death grip but once you get used to it that grip gives these headphones a true strength. Of all the times I tilted my head finishing a soda or doing the dump truck with a bag of chips, these headphones stayed gripped and true. The sound quality I would rate a 4/5, the build of the material a 4/5, and the price a 5/5. But because I can't rate a 4.8/5 I'm going to just give them the 5 they earned. I will be ordering a new pair, and I am happy they are still available.
Very disappointed in these. First pair I had; the wiring on the right side started to break right where the wiring goes into the speaker casing. It started off with the audio cutting in and out then started popping and crackling. Luckily it happened right before a year so Sennheiser sent me a replacement pair. Second pair; 8 months later same exact thing happened and I'm no longer in warranty. I can only conclude they use really really really cheap wiring. I didn't handle them like they were glass but I wasn't very ruff on them either. I've had a pair of $20 Sony's for 9 years now and they only reason I bought these is because the ear pads on the old Sony's are getting thin. Guess I'll be pulling them out of retirement.
I've only had these a couple of days but I love them. I have been wearing earbuds for years at work but they dont really drown out a loud co-worker. These do! I have small ears as well and earbuds are not comfortable at all but these are adjustable for my head and fit my ears perfectly. I tried them this morning in the gym and the only negative thing about them is the extremely long cord which is good for listening to the stereo or television at home but kind of long for office and gym.  The sound quality is excellent, i'm no expert but I love them and a few of my friends have tried them and said the same, one even commented she would get these for her daughter in place of Beats which are way too overpriced.
These headphones are excellent for their price range.  I'm used to sub-par sound from headphones, and these are a large step up as far as sound quality goes.  However, there were a couple of cons.  Firstly and mainly, the audio jack that plugs into your device had a lot of useless plastic that made the jack too large to fit in my iPhone with the case on.  This was solved by cutting a bit of excess plastic off with a razor blade.  The second con was more of an annoyance.  The cord was a mile long.  I had to bundle the cord up in my hand with my iPhone while I went for a run.  Other than that, the pads that hug your ears was slightly smaller than expected, however still tolerable.  Overall decent product.
These headphones have remarkably good sound quality for the price. I have listened to a variety of types of music so far - eclectic taste runs from Brahms to Gaga to Nine Inch Nails to Thievery Corporation, and I have found the clarity, range (particularly well defined bass) to be nearly comparable to my son's ludicrously expensive Dr. Dre phones at one 10th the price. Although these don't have noise cancellation, they do a pretty good job blocking out ambient noise, notably my husband's snoring, which was one goal for these phones. Some reviewers have mentioned discomfort after wearing for a while. I have a pin head, so that isn't an issue. I take out earrings if I'll be listening for a while.
We work in an office, directly above a factory floor... all day long we hear saws, drills, and the radios for those on the floor... plus the tour of people coming through the factory (loud speakers are used to tell them what is going on at various points.  These headphones are everything they were touted to be.  They are comfortable, they block out the noise, and the music coming through is absolutely perfect!  These are an absolute bargain at the price we paid.  Will be buying more of these, for certain.  Sennheiser is a name we have learned to trust!Sennheiser HD 202 II Professional Headphones (Black)[[ASIN:B003LPTAYI Sennheiser HD 202 II Professional Headphones (Black)
Sennheiser is a world-class brand orientated towards making studio quality audio devices. TheHD 202 II are nothing less than professional headphones. I am extremely satisfied by this product and the manufacture's quality of service.Headset fits comfortably around ears and around the neck.Listening to music with these headphones makes my songs come alive. It sounds like a concert is going on in the headphones.  Instruments and rhythms are crisp and radiate with power and energy.The Sennheiser HD 202 II will truly make your in-ear music experience better. Thumbs up for an excellent value at $25 USD. I find these to be priced at $50 USD at BestBuy.
This is the 2nd set that I've purchased.  The frequency response is great.  I bought them for my two gamers at home and they LOVE them.  The only issue that I will point out is that the cord can get in the way if you're not careful.  It's simply something to point out and not that big of a deal.  I point this out because the reason that I am having to replace them is because my son's use them at the computer.  Because the cord is so long they frequently rolled over the cord with the office chair.  I think this is why one side of the headphones stopped working.  Just something minor to be aware of.  Obviously I didn't hesitate to buy two more pair!
My previous headphones died and I did some research for cost effective headphones with quality sound. I narrowed it down to these. First off they are comfy and you forget you are wearing headphones. They produce crisp sound that is balanced with deep bass that doesn't sound "In the mud." I listen to a wide variety of music and they can handle it all. If you listen to dynamic electronic music (clean to super nasty) no problem! Bass driven music like hip hop, rock-steady,and reggae, no problem. Everything sounds good!  These are awesome headphones. I noticed things in songs that I never noticed before.  I higly recommend them 10/10 Must buy
I bought these headphones back in December when they were only 20 bucks. Now I'm not sure if I got these for a steal or if the popularity just jacked up the prices. Now these are 30 bucks, I do feel these are worth that money. These are probably the best budget headphones out there, I was prospective college student in search for some headphones to study with, and these have done a wonderful job. Blocking outside noises, stylish, strong bass, clear, and again I must emphasize a steal. Keep in mind that the Sennheiser HD 202 and Sennheiser HD 202 II are the same product, different box.I am a very satisfied buyer of these Sennheiser HD 202 II.
These are not good headphones for workouts.Previously I have owned a Sennheiser 200 model which was OK.  It had a very good form factor but audio quality was somewhat poor.  After several years, it has worn out, so I purchased this model.I have returned this one for the following reasons:Too big and too tight on my head.  I do aerobics for 90 minutes, and I knew they wouldn't work.  My head would get too warm after awhile.Cord is way too long.  And the enclosed widget just wouldn't work for me.But for low-cost headphones used to watch a movie on your iPhone or laptop, they would appear to be an excellent buy.
Got these as a gift to plug into my guitar amps for quite practice.  They really work very well in an amp.  Nice that  1/4" adaptor was included as my 2 amps have different size headphone jacks.  I can practice in a room full of people and the only sound they hear is the plucking of the electric guitar strings (i.e. they cannot hear the amped sound thru the headphones, like they could when I used earbuds or cheap walkman style headphones).  Very good sound replacation and comfortable to wear.  Oh and the belt clip hooks on to the handle of the amp so I don't have miles of cable getting all tangled up around the instrument cable- NICE!
I work for 7 radio stations and these are our standby headsets for guests who drop by the studio during live radio shows.  The headphones look and sound nice, but in just the last year we've replaced 16 sets of these because one of the ears will inevitably drop out.  I'm pretty handy with a soldering iron, but repairing them is near impossible with the newer style wick they use on the conductors, they are basically beyond repair at that point and you just have to pitch them or go through the hoops of claiming the warranty.  Shouldn't be that hard to manufacture these for a longer life but they must be stuck on that $20 price point!
I've worked in radio for over 10 years now and these have been my favorite headphones that we've used.  We go through tons of headphones in the radio business and Sennheiser is always a favorite.  The quality and noise cancelling is great.  Unfortunately, at the radio station, we go through headphones like animals.  All headphones eventually break, cords get cut/shorts, etc.  These are no exception.  We replaced these with a bunch of different types of other headphones and I hate them all.  I want my Sennheisers back.I bought these for at home use, where they will actually last.
I recently purchased these and Audio-Technica ATH-M30, for two different applications. These are $20, and the ATH-M30 was $50, and I'd say in both cases I got good value. The HD202's sound very good, but I find the fit more tight and uncomfortable than the ATH-M30. I use these at my desk at work, and I generally don't have them on for more than 30 minutes at a time, so they work well for the $20 price tag. and if they get stolen in the office, I'm not out much. Fit/comfort is difficult to judge, as everyone's head is different.Overall, for this application, I'd purchase again.
Ive loved bose and I used to have 3 of diffrent kinds but the one i take to school got stolen, I know, my bad, So i decided to try a cheaper one, so i bought Sennheiser (I didnt say that it is cheap perse but a little cheaper than bose). Wow i am amazed with the sound quality it creates. I am not a DJ nor acoustic nut but i love listening to my music. Base was deep, everything was good, So if you love listening to music for leisure then i recommend this, And guess what, i bought it for less than 20 dollars... Yepp i think it was 16 bucks on sale. LOVE IT!!!
I've been having sensitivity issues with my ears and found that I can no longer comfortably use earbuds or headphones that press against my ears. I had so much trouble finding an affordable pair of headphones that would go over my ears instead of in them or against them. These are exactly what I needed. Not only are they very comfortable, but music just sounds so much better! I love these so much that I bought a 2nd pair for the office and recommended them to a friend who has similar ear problems. She got hers this weekend and says they work great!
Although the build of this item seems solid, I was greatly disappointed by the sound quality - there is simply way too much bass. Even with an equalizer there was a considerable amount of bass and vocals were simply not coming out. These headphones have an amazingly tight fit with no sound leakage from the outside - as soon as you put them on, your surroundings seem to become very quiet.These are the first headphones that have caused me a listening fatigue - didn't even know this could happen, but it was a great disappointment.The headphones seem really nice, but they are simply not for everyone. Choose carefully!
They transfer a good sound when I have a low volume set. They are good to block out other noises when I need to be able to hear a movie or whatever (noisy neighbor or family). The cord is super long, and I don't ever need it that long, but there is a cord winder/holder that works very nicely to keep the extra cord out of the way. Any longer than a couple hours causes a little pain around the ears (I do wear glasses, so am not sure if that is a factor or not). Overall, they are just what I needed for good sturdy headphones.
I have this cans always on my backpack. They are great for listening music on the street. The bass response is good, without being moody or over-exaggerated as on the Beats. In fact, I use them as part of my mastering routine. When I mix, I use my Focal CMS 50 monitors and my Sennheiser HD 280 headphones. And when I need to check if my work translates well to TV, radio, internet, etc, I plug these and a couple of prosumer devices to listen closer to what people have. This cans work great for that and they are very cheap!
They are Sennheisers, but these are the most uncomfortable headphones I have ever worn. As with most headphones, you would expect them to kind of "settle in" and get more comfortable during use, even right at the beginning. Not so with these -- they actually got worse the longer I wore them, until I finally couldn't take it any more. I felt like Curly in that head vise, with Moe crankin' it down -- that's what these headphones felt like.  I've had el cheapo headphones that were a LOT more comfortable than these.
The only reason these are not 5 stars is that they are a little small for my ears. Specific sounds are a little muddled compared to higher end headphones, but they sound AMAZAZING for $22. Bass isn't everything, but it has pretty good thum-thum-thums. The headphones also do a pretty good job of muting outside noises. I can't hear a damn thing with these on. Haven't tried mowing in them so you'll have to do that.As an FYI, the cord for these is 10 feet long. It's pretty long, so just keep that in mind.
I've owned these headphones for over a year and they are an absolute great value.  For the price you won't find headphones that sound as good.  They have a nice sound stage and the bass is good but not overpowering.  The highs are crisp but not too bright.  Overall, these are great for everyday listening to all styles of music: classical, rock, rap, techno, and Jazz.I listened to many headphones at Best Buy and these headphones sound better than all but the $400+ headphones.  Go ahead and buy them!
Fantastic headphones for the price. I am not extremely particular with my headphones like some people. If you are the average joe that wants to listen to music then these should work great for you as well. It also has a fair amount of bass to the headphones as well. The main factor I always consider is comfort. These are comfortable to wear for long periods of time due to the cushion. I actually had a prior pair that got damaged and bought another one because I liked them so much. You won't be dissapointed.
I bought these headphones for my piano because the reviews said the cable was quite long. I'm glad I did, these are excellent headphones. The sound quality is crisp and sharp with good bass as well. I now use them as my main headphones for everything at home including piano playing. The cable is very long, which might be an issue for some but it does come with a good solid cable spool so that you can stash the excess and the length is great for getting behind the piano without pulling or getting in the way.
Pros:-Very good sound-Lightweight and comfortable-Super long cordCons:-A little bit flimsy. It's easy to separate the speaker from the headpiece. Even though it can be reattached, I would be afraid of the plastic adjustment mechanism wearing out or breaking, thus rendering the headphones useless.Overall, very great buy. I've owned higher end Sennheisers and these sound practically as good. Probably the best headphones you will find for the price.
I really like these headphones. Here's my assessment:-Super comfortable - the padding at the top and the well-shaped over-ear padding make them comfortable to keep on for long periods of time. Since I got these to use at work during some long days of data entry, this is a real plus for me.-Good audio quality - these are not top-of-the-line amazing, especially in the lower range, but the sound is clear, and that's really all I was looking for. For the price, these really can't be beat.
If for some asinine reason all you've ever used is ear buds for music, you should give these a shot. Best bang for your buck that I've found. These headphones rock and they are only $24-30 online. This is my 3rd set in 9 years. I fall asleep with them on 3-5 nights a week. (In case you wondered why I've gone through so many) Excellent base response and all around amazing sound. In a blind test I would put them up against a $150 set of headphones and I'm willing to bet few could tell the difference.
I ordered these headphones to wear at my office; in a cubicle environment the ability to block out sound is necessary. I have a larger than average head (6'6" guy here) but these still fit great and I wear them for hours. Sound quality is great, decent full-range response, and I use them both plugged into my integrated PC sound card and plugged into my iPod. Nice long cord and they also come with a handy cord caddy to shorten it as needed. For the money I'm very happy with this product.
These are great, especially for the price! I used them for daily transcription work (not music).The reason I am giving this 4 rather than 5 stars is because every other time I take them off my (long) hair gets caught in them in such a way that it is difficult to detach from the headphones. I have never had this problem with any other headphone, so it must be something peculiar to this particular design. Until I get other phones, I'm having to tie my hair back in a ponytail.
Having used standard iPod earbuds for the past many years, these headphones are a delight. They are comfortable, the sound is rich and clear, and they block out a lot of ambient noise. The long cord is a bit cumbersome, but so far the belt clip works well enough to keep the excess cord out of the way when wearing these around the house or garage. If I had known I could enjoy this quality of sound and comfort in a pair of headphones for only $20, I would have ordered some long ago.
For $20 these things sound as good as $100+ headphones. They are loud,have good bass and the clarity is amazing. If your thinking about not getting these because the price is so low and there is no way they could make a quality set of headphones for that price,think again these are great. Great job sennheiser! I kept coming back to these but bought a more expensive set ....after I got my more expensive set I bought a pair of these just out of curiosity.
Great headphones. They have some excellent sound quality that you don't get from cheaper sets. This is the third pair we've purchased. The cord had a short in my first pair so we replaced them. They had a lot of love. This pair ended up being a well loved Christmas present (2014). Our second pair is still going strong.If you want a great quality pair of headphones without breaking the bank, I highly recommend getting a pair of these!!
I bought these to replace a pair of Sennheiser HD 203.  The specs for both pairs are the same on the Sennheiser website.  I emailed Sennheiser asking if the only difference was the color (black 202 or silver 203).  I got no response.  I was happy and even quite impressed with the 203, but these have pronounced sibilance.  I hear it on vocals and symbols, on all genres of music.  I would buy the HD 203 again instead.
These are some great headphones.The sound quality is nice, great separation with some decent bass.The long cable is great for working, as I can move around my work space without being pulled back by a short cable.They are extremely comfortable, even the headband.After years of use they still hold up amazing. They sound like new...and I use them almost every day.
The quality is stunning for the price--I'm hearing notes and sounds in music that I've never heard before.  It's like getting glasses for your eyes :)The cable is a bit long, and the headphones are comfortable, but need to be removed after about an hour or so to let your ears air out.  But overall, it's great.Everyone who listens to music (I do while programming at work) should have one of these.
Great headphones for this price. Perhaps not quite sturdy enough...I am updating this review just to add that right side of the headphones stopped working in less than a year after purchase with a careful handling, so Sennheiser replaced it completely free due to warranty.I can reiterate that although the sound is great, the headphones themselves are genuinely not quite sturdy (in my experience)
This is my second pair. The first ones lasted several years, and always gave me great quality, and so when one side stopped working, I didn't hesitate to come back and get the same ones as replacements. Great sound quality and noise cancelling, amazing value. Obviously they're not the best quality headphones on the market, but they perform better than I would have imagined given their price range.
Based on other reviews, you might get the impression that these headphones perform much better than you would expect for the price.  This is not the case.They accentuate bass, but midrange sounds hollow (like it's coming through a plastic cup) and highs are missing detail.They are acceptable quality for the price.  But the price is low.  You can connect the dots.
I bought these headphones to use while traveling - the noise canceling options were too expensive, so i bought these hoping they would still be good to use on the plane. They are great. Good sound quality and light weight. I carry them in my backpack and use them with my iPod. Great price - i would recommend them if you are looking for something reasonable to carry along with your iPod.
I listen primarily to opera but also chamber and orchestral music.  The sound seems very fine, and the sound does not bother anyone else (unlike some headphones where the sound goes out and annoys people within 20 feet of the source).  I am now a senior, so someone with younger ears may be a better judge of sound quality -- but I greatly enjoy this product.  It is also comfortable.
Bought them for my husband because the rest of us "make too much noise." He scoffed at them initially, saying they were too big and bulky. But now he wears them every day whenever he is doing anything with sound on his MacBook. The only time he doesn't use them is in the gym so I can't speak to how they hold up to sweat. They provide good sound quality at a small price.
I bought these headphones after my earbuds died. I'd never had a pair of closed headphones before, and while I like them, they didn't cancel as much outside noise as I expected. Anyway, I think they are a good item considering what you pay (not much, comparatively). Maybe this is superficial to some of you, but I also think they look cool and have gotten compliments on them!
I mainly use them to play drums so that I can hear the music as well as the drums which helps me practice...before this earphones I used my ipod earphones but I was getting deaf so I changed! I recommend this earphones for playing drums as well as other instruments because you can connect them with an amplifier, or to simply hear music because their quality is great!
These headphones sound great, are very comfortable, and a have a nice long cord.  These headphones were great while they lasted, but like many other reviewers I also experienced the one side of the headphone going out.  This is approximately after 3 years of use so they were worth it in my opinion.  I recommend buying them even though they will eventually go bad.
The sound quality is fine, but I don't find these headphones comfortable for longer than about 30 minutes.  The earcups just aren't quite deep enough to accommodate my ears, so I soon feel pressure points.  It's great  that such good headphones are available for such a low price, but I need to find a pair that remains comfortable through a whole TV show or movie.
Do not think twice before buying these headphones, just simply awesome, i did a lot of research to find a good headphone under 50 and i'm glad that i found these. i would pay even 100 bucks for these phones. absolutly clear sound and  perfect bass, i've tried almost all kind of songs from classic , hard rock , techno, just guitar  and every song was just perfect.
I've tried Sony headphones twice for around 50 dollars and these are 10 times better. I've also tried Skullcandy headphones around this price range and again, these are 10 times better than those. These have the quality of $100+ headphones.They sound like studio headphones. I am just so pleased with these, my Dad wants a pair and I'm getting it for his birthday.
Sennheiser electronic GmbH & Co. KG (branded Sennheiser) is a private German audio that was founded in 1945. In the last 07 decades, Sennheiser has become synonymous with high-quality products in all areas of recording, transmitting and reproducing sound. Sennheiser is also known for making some of the worlds most expensive planar magnetic headphonesthe He1060 priced at USD 55K.For those with more modest budget and tastes, Sennheiser has a wide selection of dynamic headphones in their catalog. The Sennheiser HD650 was launched in 2003, supposedly as an evolution to the 02 decades old award-winning HD6o0. The HD650 was their flagship dynamic headphones until HD800 was released in 2010. The HD650 has a list price of USD 600 but they can be found for discounted prices that could go south of USD 300.Features Open, circumaural dynamic stereo headphones. Systems with narrow tolerances ( 1 dB), hand-picked in pairs. Highly optimised magnet systems for minimum harmonic and intermodulation distortion. High-quality titanium/silver finish. A specially developed damping element, made from fine acoustic metal mesh, ensures a precise damping over the entire diaphragm surface, highly constant in all climates. Specially modulated connecting cable (detachable) made from highly conductive OFC copper, with very low handling noise, i.e. low structure-borne sound sensitivity. Extremely lightweight aluminium voice coils ensure excellent transient response. Gold plated 1/4" jack plug with adaptor lead to 3.5 mm jack plug.ImpressionsThe Sennheiser HD650 headphones come in a metallic grey easy-to-open cardboard box akin to the HD700s black colored box. There is no way one could determine if the specimen has been used previously or not. The packing is impractical too as I would never store these headphones in such a large cardboard box and waste rack space. I found the GoodCans Protective Headphone Bag (Large) to hold the Sennheiser HD650 headphones perfectly well and allows for easy storage when not in use.The Sennheiser HD650 headphones are aimed for desktop listening and they come with a detachable 3m long cable with proprietary connectors that connect on either side of the headphones. These connectors are also made by brands like Furutech for DIY cables and there are a lot of aftermarket Sennheiser headphones upgrade cables, available today, from third party brands that allows customizing the length, connectors and conductors of these cables. Aftermarket cables may also alter the sound of these headphones a bit.As part of the package, a non-branded 6.3mm TRS to a 3.5mm TRS jack adaptor cable is included. The Sennheiser stock adaptor cable may be the same adaptor cable used by Grado and Audeze. They are merely wrapped in different plastic sheathing, branding and are priced differently. I have the adaptor cables from Sennheiser and Grado, though the latter is stiffer due to the heavy sheathing used, the connectors are identical and they sound just the same.The Sennheiser HD650 comes with velour ear pads. They are soft and extremely comfortable. Unfortunately, they are unfit for countries with tropical climate. These ear pads are sweat guzzlers and skin/hair debris magnet. This leads to regular maintenance. Improper use will lead to foul smelling and deteriorating ear pads over a short period of time. A pair of additional/optional Sennheiser leather or artificial leather earpads could have been a better alternative for tropical countries.PerformanceThe old school Sennheiser HD650 headphones are meticulously engineered product with clever use of plastic and minimal amount of metal for optimized strength to weight ratio. This results in a headphone that is extremely light on the head and is ideal for long listening sessions. The abundance of plastic may upset users looking for slick headphones to be worn in public.The Sennheiser HD650 headphones do have a clamping force stronger than that of the HD700 headphones. Im used to wearing Howard Leight Earmuffs for extended periods of time and thus not very sensitive to the clamping force of these cans. I think most people will get used to this clamping force with extended use.The HD650 headphones are rated at 300 Ohms and are easily powered by most desktop devices. The HD650 can keep getting louder without losing composure. With most amps, I could barely get past the 10 Oclock position. I enjoy all my headphones very responsibly in moderate volume levels as my ears are very sensitive and is prone to fatigue very easily. The HD650 is very source sensitive and they do sound their best when paired with good DAC/Amps fed with clean power supply and lossless FLACs.I do not recommend the Sennheiser HD650 headphones for use with mobile phones and MP3s. For that any sub USD 100 cans such as the Koss PortaPro will just do fine. If you are thinking of investing in a pair of Sennheiser HD650 headphones or something similar then please be ready to invest in a quality source to bring out the best in them.The spectral balance is tipped towards the midrange and bass. There is less treble energy and extension than the HD700. These headphones need a good amount of burn-in before they open up to optimum performance. Post burn-in, I could feel the bass impact bloom, vocals more natural and the soundstage become more expansive.The Sennheiser HD650 headphones have a captivating timbre and beautifully lush tone. I feel connected with the music regardless of the format/quality of recording used. The better the source quality the more detailed and transparent they get. With a quality source the HD650 open-back headphones are more transparent to recording artefacts than the open-back HD700 and the Beyerdynamic DT880 headphones, they are almost on par with closed-back headphones such as Sony 7506 and Brainwavz HM5 headphones.ComparisonThe headphones that I would like to compare the Sennheiser HD650 is with the Beyerdynamic DT880 and the Sennheiser HD700 headphones. All three dynamic headphones belong to different price points. The list price for HD650 is USD 600, the DT880 is USD 400 and the HD700 is USD 1000. All of these headphones sell at heavily discounted prices today.Sennheiser HD650 vs. Beyerdynamic DT880Though both old school German dynamic headphones, designed for desktop listening, belong to different price points, they both sell at about USD 300 in Amazon, USA. They compete with each other and makes for an interesting comparison.The Irish made Sennheiser HD650 is a clever mix of lots of plastic with minimal metal and the German made Beyerdynamic DT880 uses a lot more metal by comparison. Both are lightweight headphones and yet I find the Sennheiser HD650 more attractive and ergonomic than the DT800. The Beyer DT880 just looks plain ugly on the head. The only other headphone that looks much worse is the Fostex T50RP orthodynamic headphones.The HD650 has oval earpads and the DT880 uses round earpads. Both earpads are soft velour and is ideal for long-term listening comfort. The DT880 comes with a decent carrying pouch and 6.3mm screw-in TRS adaptor over a 6.3mm TRS jack. The HD650 comes in an impractical cardboard box and a 6.3mm TRS to a 3.5mm TRS jack adaptor cable. I also despise the DT880s fixed cable design and appreciate the HD650s detachable cables better.I initially tried the 600 ohms Beyer DT880 and quickly realized that they are very power hungry and deserves nothing less than a good quality headphone amplifier to drive them optimally and so I replaced them with the easy to drive 250 ohms version. The Sennheiser HD650 is only available in 300 ohms version. On my desktop DAC/Amp, when I use the HD650 the volume barely touches the 10 Oclock position, the DT880 on the other hand, reaches the same level of volume at about 01 Oclock position. They offer very different efficiency levels here despite the similar impedance ratings declared. Those seeking to use the DT880 with portable/desktop devices should try the 32 ohms version.Both these old school headphones focus on what is left in any recording. This makes for easy listening even with older 16 bit recordings just as well as modern 24 bit recordings. Compared to the Beyerdynamic DT880, the Sennheiser HD650 has a tad wider/deeper soundstage, greater transparency to recording artefacts, more articulate midrange, a better extended bass response and are easier to drive despite the higher impedance rating.Compared to the Sennheiser HD650, the Beyerdynamic DT880 appears more neutral, grainier, less dynamic and less engaging. They tend to appear lifeless and boring over extended periods of time. They tend to lull me to sleep more often than any other headphones I own. Maybe, the DT880s are ideal for bedtime listening.I personally enjoy the Sennheiser HD650 more than the Beyerdynamic DT880. I feel the HD650 is in a higher league than the DT880 and feel the latter is overpriced by comparison.Sennheiser HD650 vs. Sennheiser HD700Ive spent 100s of more hours with both the Sennheiser HD700 and HD650 headphones. My impressions have not changed but Im now able to appreciate their strengths and differences better. Between the two, it really comes down to a matter of preference, whether you like the sound to be sweet and dishonest (colored for musicality) or if you like the sound to be rude and honest (true to source).Ill have to give an analogy to better explain this. The HD650 is a like a high performance Plasma HDTV. It has beautiful black backgrounds, unmatched contrast and the most realistic skin tones. Even though the overall picture may appear a tad dark, they are easier on the eyes for the long run and very forgiving of imperfect videos. The HD700, on the other hand, is like a high performance LED HDTV. It has beautifully vibrant colors, almost bordering on over saturation and picture that is sharp (but not necessarily transparent). Even though the overall picture quality may appear to be well lit, they may not be easier on the eyes in the long run and may not be forgiving of imperfect videos.The old school Sennheiser HD650 headphones focuses on what is left of any recording and thus they make for euphonic listening experience with older 16 bit/poorly mastered recordings. The new school Sennheiser HD700 headphones focuses on whats missing in a recording and thus makes for a precise listening experience with newer 24bit/perfectly mastered recordings. Songs such as Creep by Radiohead and Billie Jean by MJ that sounds trashy with the HD700 sounds more bearable and enjoyable with the HD650.With movies, the Sennheiser HD650 headphones dark, polite and laidback presentation, with decent soundstage, makes for an unengaging experience. Whereas, the Sennheiser HD700 headphoneswell-lit, dynamic and articulate presentation, with a wider soundstage, takes you right to the middle of the story. The HD700 is able to resolve background/ambient information better and is also the better headphones for enjoying movies/videos online.There is no clear winner here. The Sennheiser HD650 and HD700 headphones have very little in common, their presentation and the way they approach sound is very different from each other. They do not compete, they complement each other. They currently sell for USD 300 and USD 450 respectively. For these heavily discounted prices they are a great bargain. Together they make for a worthy set of headphones to collect and they have you covered in more ways than any single pair of headphones can.Wrap-upThe Sennheiser HD650 may no longer be a flagship headphones, but they still remain a benchmark against which all current flagship headphones are compared and judged. They may be easy to drive and easy to listen to most types/formats of music but they deserve a quality DAC/Amp and FLACs to bring out the best in them.Those wanting to try an open-back easy-going high-resolution headphones from Sennheiser should start their journey with the timeless classicHD650. They are still the best value in the market today after being in production for over a decade!Pros Hi-Res headphones that shine with decent source and lossless music. Full-sized headphones that are light and very comfortable for extended listening. Ideal for listening to 16bit/older recordings without fatigue. Easy to drive compared to similarly rated headphones from competition.Cons Open-back headphones for solitary listening only. Plasticky build and finish. The long 3m cables are a mess to handle for everyday listening. Not recommended for watching movies.
Fair warning, I am not a crazy audiophile. I use these headphones with a Mayflower Desktop Objective2 with ODAC playing mp3s of various bitrates off my computer.I bought these to replace a pair of 595s. The 595s sounded great but had cheap plastic on the sides which eventually broke on 2 different pairs I had (as I would find out later googling this was a common issue with them) I figured I would upgrade to the 650s due to their reputation and also the fact that they don't have that cheap plastic on the side.So far they have held up. I don't think they are any more comfortable than the 595s (both are very comfortable) or even SOUND any better to me but as I mentioned I'm not a crazy audiophile. I still have the cracked 595s so maybe some day I'll sit down and try to compare the two.I will say that these headphones start off very tight on your head, almost uncomfortable, but eventually they get worn in and feel very good. So if you do purchase them don't panic if they are a little tight to start.
My philosophy on rating and buying headphones is simply:  I use it to listen to music that I like and am likely to listen to on the headphones.  This is the best way to decide, but we can't listen to all the headphones out there so I am writing this review.  I find these headphones are neutral (the sound level varies relatively little from low to high and the instruments sound pretty much what they are supposed to sound like) and emotionally engaging.  This is especially true for classical music, female voices, and high tones.  High quality electrostatic headphones can do mid to higher tones better in my opinion, but they do worse on low tones and are expensive and cumbersome.  The 650s are no better and no worse than the 600s in my opinion, but I chose the 650s because they were likely to have product support for the next twenty years because I read the 600s are being discontinued and the 650s sound graphs show that they have slightly more bass (neither one can reproduce organ music very successfully).  I'm sure there are many other good headphones that I would like and am absolutely certain that people have different abilities (that is, they are "golden eared" while I am not) and tastes, all legitimate.  Don't be caught up in the hype of headphone reviews unless you enjoy that sort of thing.  Instead use them to help you decide which three or four headphones to test.  My only caution to average listeners like me is that sometimes the more "energetic," "brighter," "accurate" headphones can lose some of their luster (become fatiguing or annoying) if you listen to them for long periods of time.  Again a subjective experience that you might not have.
if youve spent the money on these im assuming youve done some research... so theres really nothing left to say. Theyre amazeballs. Should last me the next 20 years. Adorama had them on sale for 300 which is where I got them. Id hold out for another crazy B&H; or Adorama deal on these but nothing compares to Amazon in convenience so if you cant wait and have cash to burn dive in. you wont be disappointed. provided you have a decent amp the bass is fine.
I'm not going to write a long review with all kinds of specs and telling you what kinds of music I have sampled and all that. I consider myself to be an audiophile that cannot afford to milk a bunch of money into my listening experience. I've had the HD600s for years, which until now were the best headphones I'd ever owned. But recently the plastic headband finally had enough and cracked. For almost a year they were held together with duct tape.I knew I wanted over-ear headphones that were open for a wider soundstage. I purchased the AKG701s after reading reviews that they were superior to the HD600s. I drive them with fairly powerful Denon integrated digital amp (150 watts per channel). While I was impressed with the soundstage and instrumental and vocal clarity, these phones are not very efficient and the low end distorts when it's too big. I probably have not given them sufficient break-in time.I read the reviews on the HD650s with more efficient low-end response and committed to trusting what I know about my Sennheiser experience. I spent less than $350 brand new and with only a handful of listening hours, I am pretty blown away. They are as efficient as the Sony headphones I picked up for less than $100 because of a CNET reviewer saying how good they sounded for the money and that they were so efficient you could plug them into anything and they'd sound pretty good even at louder volumes. For me, I thought the Sony's sounded predictably cheap, thin and shrilly at louder volumes. The HD650s are revelatory; the real deal and I am extremely pleased. Even television (Paladia, The Voice) sounds fantastic. Concert blu-ray sounds incredible. My CDs are reborn. How much better will the low-end perform when they're broken in? Something more to look forward to.Thank you again, Sennheiser!
I thought I knew good sound until I bought the HD650s. My Bottlehead Crack OTL hasn't arrived yet, so I plugged these into my Rotel RX-1052 integrated amp and fired up some Spotify on "extreme" quality setting via AirPlay as a trial run. I've been laying on my living room hard wood floor for 2 hours listening to every kind of music whether I like it or not... and this is far from the best quality setup. These headphones do that to you.
I'm completely thrilled with my purchased, after trying all three models (600/650/700) the 650s are by far my favorite.  This is the sound that I was after, I like bass but I also have boom. I needed clear miss and highs with a nice Clea  base. That's the 650!
*Powered by the Schiit Magni 2/Modi 2Pros:Mids are the best I've heard from any headphoneWide and expansive sound stageVery comfortable after breaking it inVery rich bassDark, warm, and silky smooth soundExcellent customer supportVery moddableCons:Bass might be too powerful for someThe ear cups are too shallow, your ears WILL touch the drivers"Slow" sound (Very relaxed sound, this can be a pro or con to some people) some people refer to this as a "veiled" sound
The consensus is that the HD600 is more neutral and flatter sounding vs. the HD650, which has warmer and darker atmosphere. Proponents criticize the HD650 due to it being warmer, therefore suffering from a lack of clarity and detail. This is actually the HD650's greatest strength--the warmer atmosphere really shines when it comes to classical, jazz or soul music.I was using the HD598, which similar to the HD600, had a neutral sound to it before upgrading to the HD650. I mainly listen to adult contemporary and soul music so needless to say, the HD650 is right up my alley. I was listening to Sam Smith's "Stay With Me," a song that I'm very intimate with or so I thought, until the HD650 took it to the next level. Oh my gosh, especially the part with the choir singing the "oh's," the sound-stage was so enveloping. It was so deep... and I was overwhelmed with emotions. Next track was "Someone Like You" by Adele. Her vocals were so brooding, so magnificent, the melody even sadder, so emotional--it was beyond amazing, just indescribable. So now I slip the HD598 back on (a more neutral sound, with clearer highs), the overwhelming emotions were absent, the warmth was gone! So yeah the HD650 suits my style of music so I'm keeping it.The HD600 on the other hand is a jack of all trades but a master of none, so to speak. It is great for all types of music but the 650 has a specialized type of sound, which is superb for classical, jazz, acoustic or soul music. The HD650 has a refined sound to it, that is, it has personality. The sound-stage in both are amazing but the HD650 has an even more 3D, enveloping sound to it. I've also read that he HD650 has higher highs and lower lows than the HD600 but you'll need thousands of dollars in equipment to discern. If you like classical, jazz, acoustic or soul music, the HD650 is well worth the extra money. On the contrary, if your music collection contains none of the aforementioned genres then you're better off with the HD600 and at $100 less, it's a better buy in general.
I bought these for work, the functional, but cheaper Logitech headphones I had were fine for gaming, but grew uncomfortable during long sessions.  With these headphones, I can listen to music all day long while I'm working, or play games at night, without worrying about ear fatigue.  Sounds great, too!
Love them, use them as my daily driver. They have a great sound and feel very comfortable. I'm an amateur audiophile so I wouldn't be able to attest to the prics to sound quality ratio, but I did like them more than my previous pairs of Audiotechnica ATH-M50s and Beyerdynamics DT 770 PRO (250 ohms). I happen to use my headphones with an amp, but am unsure whether it is needed for a great quality.
These headphones are some of the closest to studio monitors.  They do not color the sound much at all.  These phones will have slightly less high and low frequencies compared to many headphones. I got them for studio mixing as the price is so good.  Sound preference is very individual and often what one is accustomed to.  But with mixing music, headphones should be very close to flat studio monitors.  These are at a very good price.
These are the best phones I've ever had, and not the most expensive. I record sound and video for a living, and spend hours listening and editing. The frequency response is very even, and the midrange has the detail I need when editing. I use them strictly at my desk, since the open back design doesn't block external sound, and they leak too much for tracking. I find the cups very comfortable, even after hours of use. No break in time was needed for the sound quality I need.
I have spent a lot of time and money testing out all the popular headphones and these do not impress me for the price.These 650's were the most expensive Cans I bought out of the tested units.  I used a decent amp on all headphones.There are so many other good options out there for way less.I prefer the Sony MDR7506 for $85 over these.
Best headphones I've ever used. It's a little quiet depending on what you plug it into, like a 3ds, but you wouldn't expect that type of device to power it to max level. Plugging it into something that can power it better like a laptop is where it really shines.
SO happy with these headphones!  For a number of years, I used a pair of Sony MDR-7506's, which is what we used in the studios I had worked in the past.  I was checking out a new replacement pair of the Sony's and had a few folks also recommend the Audio-Technica ATH-M50x headphones.  I tried them both, and they both had good sound.  But then my cousin, who is a very high-end audiophile, recommended I spend just a bit more and try out these and the Sennheiser 600's.WOW, what great sound!  The Sony's and the Audio-Technica's were nice headphones, but the extra nuance of sound I get from these is well worth the extra money.  As some have noted, these work better with a headphone amp, but they sound so good I can't take a star off for that because even with my iPad and iPod, they still put out great, full audio.
I love these cans!  The detail I can hear in my recordings is absolutely astounding.  I know some people think that the idea of break in on headphones is hogwash, but I did find that the sound opened up over time - especially the midrange.  The frequency response sounds fairly flat to me, which is perfect given that I use them mainly for production.  They are *extremely* comfortable, even though they are a little tight on the head at first.  I had heard before buying these that the band tends to be tight, and that was definitely true, but I never at any point felt like they were uncomfortable.All in all I'm extremely happy with these headphones. I've gone through a variety of headphones before settling on these.  For the price, I think these are a great buy.
Great set of cans! Wanted a set of open headphones to go with my ATM50's. They are really just starting to "break in". With the addition of an amp these make music come alive. I like classical guitar and these enable me to hear the music as intended. No complaints here.
These headphones are excellent and I'm sure other reviewers do a better job but there's a certain point when you just can't get better audio. Not saying these are the best but they are 80% there. When people want to keep on upgrading it is a mental thing where "They want to hear something that's not even there", basically these are HIFI and if you have the HD800 you would know what I'm talking about. The audio technology has come way too far for any significant improvements. Spending $5000 just won't get you a noteworthy improvement.BUY these or any of the open back offerings from sennheiser you'll love them.
DISCLAIMER: Please note that I am not an 'audiophile' and I mostly use headphones for movies. I probably would have found any 'good' headphones at a similar or lower price-point, eg HD-598, DT-880, AH-D600, HFI-780 etc., such a vast improvement as well!The following is my first 'exploration' (ie. burning cash) endeavor into the world of prosumer headphones. I hope that my experiences and feedback help you make a good decision, especially related to the 'total cost' of such a purchase. I am growing to love these headphones and am regretting my lighter pocket less each day, but they are definitely NOT for everyone.== END OF WEEK REVIEW ==I *finally* listed to actual music on these, not just movies and WOW! - these headphones MAKE [GOOD] MUSIC AN ABSOLUTE JOY. I queued up some rock (Queen, The Ramones, Kiss, Bon Jovi, eg.) as well as some techno and dub-step for variety - ABSOLUTE MAGIC. That is best way to summarize the sound: a slight 'tingle' and then bliss as different layers of sound, both distinct and layered, just smoothly 'roll' off the drivers. It made me CLOSE MY EYES, SIT BACK, AND GRIN!These are headphones for music; their beauty cannot be fully realized with movies alone.(Warning: In a song like In A Gadda Da Vida the treble sections are absolutely piercing - to a point were I recommend EQ'ing down the top.)For fun, I setup Equalizer APO (using the Peace UI) in Windows and played with the EQ settings. The 650's PRECISELY FOLLOW THE EQ SETTINGS; the bass can go low in pitch but there is never a glass/skull-rattling 'thump' as with the MDR-X11s or a sub-woofer. I'm not sure if this due to the 650 drivers themselves or is more of an open vs. closed back difference. (Adjusting the EQ for the X11s just confirmed how muddy and indistinct they are at just about any frequency..)After playing around with the equalizer settings I set them back to the default. I found the headphones just SOUNDED REALLY GOOD (OVERALL) WITHOUT ANY EQUALIZER ADJUSTMENTS. An exception to this is for a song like Queen's We Are the Champions, where I enjoy singing to it "as if it were playing on the radio" which is much higher pitched on the chorus. For movies I still enable the small FiiO 10K bass boost.The headphones are VERY COMFORTABLE FOR EXTENDED WEAR if they are worn correctly. The headband needs to be pushed back far enough so the ovals of the earpieces and your ears align. Duh. This placement feels a weird to me, having come from a circular on-ear/around-ear designs were the headband can be placed much more forward.I'm also "in for a penny, in for a pound" and have ANOTHER amp on order, this time in the same price range as the headphones. If wanting headphones that will 'work to their potential' anywhere, get some more forgiving 32-ohms drivers. After playing with the EQ I'm not convinced the FiiO 10k is enough to 'properly' drive these headphones: or maybe I've just upsold myself again! We'll see.== DAY OF REVIEW ==I THOUGHT my previous Sony MDR-X11s were good, probably because of what I paid, but they are rubbish sound in general - and especially in comparison! And if I can notice, that is saying something. The Sony's have more THUMP bass, but sound like listening to headphones while wearing several paper bags. The 650's have shown me a whole 'new' world. (Do note that this is an UNFAIR COMPARISON, because the MDR-X11s appear to do nothing - except perhaps sound isolation - well.)I watched the motorcycle scene at the start of the movie 'Under the Skin' a numerous times; both with the previous Sony's and my new 650s. The 650s made the motorcycle SOUND like a motorcycle and made the passing traffic SOUND like passing traffic - I ride year around so I do know these sounds :) THERE ARE MANY SOUNDS IN MOVIES THAT I NOTICING FOR THE FIRST TIME.The overall difference is WOW! WOW! WOW, WHAT [ELSE] HAVE I BEEN MISSING?However .. WITHOUT AN AMP THE SOUND IS "NOT EXCITING" - perhaps even 'dull'. At first I plugged these into my normal PC speaker sound and then I plugged the 650's into the cheap-$75 FiiO 10K DAC amp I also bought and - WOW! WOW! The movie feels so much more full of energy! The 10K also has a little bass boost that seems to help the low-end.With this setup the bass is not overpowering and headphones carry an exciting energy (I think the term is 'punchy'?) that the Sony's never, ever did. The FiiO amp didn't help the Sony's at all, but it really 'filled out' the 650s. I'm sure a more expensive/refined amp system would be even better, but if you get these, MAKE SURE TO USE AN AMP! I set the volume on the FiiO to about 2/10.I'm giving these 4 starts (and not 5) because;- I'm not an audiophile and have never used other 'good' headphones; so I can't compare with other 'good' headphones- Design is functional (and comfortable) but not stylish; they don't fold, not even a little- The price is a bit high for a non-audiophile like me; I definitely upsold myself- Need at least a little amp/bass boost to help to unlock the "fun" potential for movies- I dislike giving 5/5 stars given for little-used products; they have to prove (or not prove) themselves
Best sounding headphones I've ever had, bar none.  Having said that, I come from a family of beats users.  I've always thought that beats was the mecha of headphones, but sadly I couldn't have been more mistaken.  Sennheiser has enlightened me to a new way to listen to audio.  I use these for games, music, movies, youtube, etc.  Perfect for everything.
I have tried many different open-back headphones within the past couple months, and these are by far the best I've heard. I wasn't a fan of any Beyerdynamics, AKG, Audio-Technica or Shure open-backs. To be honest, I even started leaning away from the closed-back Sennheisers, but I have gained a new respect for Sennheiser headphones with these open-backs. I highly recommend these cans for any studio.
HD 650Heavenly sonic bliss. My favorite headphone. Full rich, lush sounding voices and instruments. Widest sound stage of my headsets with excellent clarity. Very easy to separate and follow various voices and instruments in the music I listen to. Very balanced across the entire range of frequencies without one range over powering another. Everything is very clear. No muddiness of sound. Cybals and chimes crisp and clear. Snare drums nice crisp sound. Bass pleasant with excellent sound decay and appropriate reverberation lasting longer than my other headsets. I can really feel the music around my ears with this headset. The sound envelopes my head instead of feeling like its between my ears. Now I can experience the music rather than just listen to it. Makes music much more enjoyable and realistic sounding. This can be driven by my iPod, iPad, MacBook Pro, Laptops and Desktop PCs without an amplifier. I have no doubt an amplifier will improve the sound, but the sound is already rich and clear without amplification and still better than my other headphones. I'm hearing/experiencing things that I never heard before with my other headsets ... the faint pops that occur from an old LP that has been digitally recorded ... just amazing (from an iPod without amplifier).This is my experience. Your mileage may vary depending upon what you want out of your headsets.Finding the best headphone" is a very expensive and very subjective journey. Reading reviews can only take one so far. Opinions range far and wide depending upon the reviewers individual tastes, experience with music and what one primarily listens to. Descriptions of the sound in reviews don't always help due to differences in meaning. For example what is described as the veiled Sennheiser sound may be what I call a mellow laid back sound (not sure). My advise is listen to your music with a lot of different headphones and do your own comparisons to determine what you like. What you hear coming from each headphone is going to vary with the design of the headphone, but also modulated bya. the type of music you listen tob. how the recording was originally made (microphones converting analog to electrical then stored on magnetic tape or digitized)b. the quality of the recording you are listening to (especially if digitized, what was truncated if anything)c. the format in which it is recorded and sampling rated. the equipment you play it on and how it translates the recording back to an electrical impulse to be sent to the headphonee. the headphones themselves (open, closed, type of diaphragm material, how many speakers (i.e. the Shure 500 series has 2 woofers and a tweeter in each ear piece to achieve its balanced sound presentation across its spectrum, I have a gaming headset with multiple speakers)Having said that, the music I listen to is classical to 60s, 70s, 80s, 90s, pop, country, jazz, big bands, vocals, instrumentals.I dont have a dedicated amplifier and play all my headphones on iPods, iPads, iPhones, Mac Book Pros, PCs, Pioneer Tuners. All my headphones sound just fine without an amplifier, but I have no doubt that an amplifier will improve the sound.My music is recorded in MP3 at 320 kbps, but I prefer M4A apple lossless or WAV at 1400 kbps for the best possible digital sound quality. I can hear the difference between 1400 kbps,  320 kbps, and the more compressed music at 192 and 128 which can be found on MP3 sites like the apple store. I convert my CD collection to both 1400 kbps and 320 kbps 44.1 MHz so it can be played at the best quality on whatever system I am using.All my headphones have been broken in with at least a 72 hour continuous play run.My headphones from most favorite to least favorite areSennheiser HD 650Shure 500PTHSennheiser HD 598AKG K550Sennheiser HD 555 modified to 595Sony DLP777   brightJaybird Spirit  midtones muffled due covering that prevents sweat getting into ear piecesSennheiser HD 280Noise cancellers:Bose QC2   bass heavy, muddy midtonesBose QC3   even more bass have, muddy midtonesDr. Dre Beats   too bass heavy, stick to rap and non-critical listening (rap)For me, the HD 650 is a 5 star headphone and by far my favorite of all my headphones. Allows me to truly feel and experience the music I like listening to using the devices I have. My iPods, iPhone, iPads and MacBook Pro can drive this 300 ohm just fine (of course the volume level has to be turned up compared to the lower ohm headphones), but the lush rich realistic sound still comes through better than the other headphones.By feel, I mean that the HD650 diaphragms move so much air around my ears I can feel and experience the music as opposed to just hearing it. The Shure PTH500 can do this in my ear canal. My HD598 does this much better than the HD 555 and has a more pleasant sound to me than the HD555. But none of these come close to the experience I get with my new HD650. Its like standing in front of a speaker at a concert or DJd party except its around me ears instead of having my body feel the sound wave.The timbre, tone, character of the instruments from the HD650 is slightly better than my original reference PTH500. PTH500 and HD650 are better than my other headsets. With these two, I discovered things that I couldnt hear with the other headsets. Sound stage of the HD650 is wider than the PTH500 which is wider than the other headphones. Both have much better separation of the  instruments and vocals and much better clarity which gives the music a more 3 dimensional enjoyable sound. Much easier to pick out individual instruments and so I can more easily play along on piano, guitar etc. With other headsets I have to struggle to hear the individual parts. The Shure 500 has been my favorite reference headphone since 2008. With its sound isolation qualities, I use it when traveling and when I don't want to disturb others around me. The problem with it is that it can eventually be painful on the ear canals and sound quality (bass) is lost when the ear canal seal is lost when moving around or exercising. Additionally, hearing the crunch of food while eating and listening with the 500s is a consequence of in ear monitors.Both the HD650 and PTH500 have the best balance across all sound frequencies with the widest sound stage. The Bose QC2, QC3, and Beats have more emphasis on bass followed by treble at the expense of midtones, so if I want really loud bass, Ill go with the Beats followed by QC3, then QC2 for lesser degrees of bass punch.The HD 598 was my favorite after the PTH500 because its open design moves a lot of air allowing me to kind of feel the music, but not the extent of the HD650. It has what I consider a more laid back and mellow sound than the HD 555 and PTH500. Kinda relaxing and pleasant.HD555 DLP777 place more emphasis on treble. If I want high energy treble, the HD555 and AKG K550 are my go to headsets.I prefer the open design over the closed headsets because they just move air better with a generally richer sound then my closed headphoneShure 500PTH  best overall balance and 3D clarity while physically blocking outside noiseHD 598 -- open, good overall balance, mellow soundAKG 550  closed, good overall balance. doesn't move air as well as HD598, but good second choice to the 598HD 280  closed thin; waste of my money. was never happy with it.Sony MDP 777  closed, emphasis on trebleBose QC2  closed moderate bass. muddy midtonesBose QC3  closed heaviest on bass. muddy midtoneSo my choices for headsets boil down toBest overall sonic experience: HD650Best outside noise reduction/isolation and overall sonic experience: Shure 500 seriesBest to minimize noise spill into the surrounding environment when I cant use the Shure 500: AKG 550Best for heavy bass emphasis: In order from least bass to intense bass: Bose QC2, QC3, Dr. Dre BeatsUltimately the best headset is a subjective opinion depending upon what you want to hear and/or experience out of your music. There is a huge sliding scale of perceived quality. I wouldnt recommend spending much on an expensive headset if your music is 128 kbps compressed. But then again, it is cheaper to just buy 1 headset and grow into it rather than spend lots of money working ones way up to the holy grail of headsets. If I knew then what I know now, I would have just bought the HD650 and stopped there.
I bought these to replace a set of HD 580s that were defective as manufactured (never could fix the intermittent connection in both channels).  They sound great.  Can't tell whether I like them better than the HD 600s I use at work, as I've not compared them side-by-side.
I bought a new pair of HD650 two weeks ago.I'm writing this review to give several suggestions to those who already have it and those who are planning to buy it.1) I think the HD650 is superior to the HD600 in that it has fuller bass than the HD600. You can lift the veil of HD650 and give it a close perfect balance over the whole frequency range with just one piece of a nice custom cable.2) I am experiencing a really exhilerating improvement  for HD650 after I replaced the stock cable with a pure silver cable.http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B00F2JG4P4/ref=mp_s_a_1_3?qid=1425746558&sr;=8-3&keywords;=hd650+silver+cable=AC_SY200_QL40&dpPl;=1&dpID;=317K1rw6nLL&ref;=plSrchI'D LIKE TO HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS CABLE for any HD650 user. It's an easily affordable PURE SILVER CABLE which placed the HD650 onto a totally new level of sound. I would definitely advice you not to waste your money on expansive copper wires or silve-plated copper wires. Actually I also have bought a silver-plated copper wire sold at Amazon and Ebay which is by no means recommendable with regard to the pure silver cable.No exaggerated highs and suppressed lows as a silver-plated cable. With the pure silver cable, the highs became just sufficient to lift the veil and give life to every instrument. Lows became more punchier and faster in response. No loss of bass but more clearly and accurately sounding bass with improved timbre.With the pure silver cable you can experience a huge improvement for the HD650. Highs became more clear, accurate and forward. It gave a near perfect balance which HD650 was slightly lacking.And the pure silver cable provides very accurate timbre for almost every instrument. From percussions. drum cymbals. wooden winds and brass winds and also all strings, you can hear what were unnoticed before. I was very excited when I heard how different cymbals on a drum sounded realistically and differently from each other at a definite ppsition. The piano accompaniment from a violin sonata sounded just beautiful and lovable, not to mention the violin itself. Almost every instruments restored its original timbre and were felt at their position.The sound stage became more open and wide. And the sounds from the instruments with wonderful timbre filled that space.I was also astonished when I hear the applause from the audiences at the end of a tune. What a realistic applause it is!! Just amazing.And even the records from 1959 (Kind of blue), 1964 (Getz and Gilberto) and 1975 (Paul Desmond Quartet LIVE) sounded just as reallistic and gorgeous as the recent ones!! Those who enjoy old jazz would try a pure silver cable. I would highly recommend a pure silver cable. I was totally astounded to realize this. They just made all the old jazz albums perfecly new and more enjoyable than ever before!!Sounds become more 3 dimensional and realistic. Clearer, fuller and much more enjoyable. More expressions and more powers. I felt as if I was sitting at the cafe where Paul Desmond Quartet played. Records older than 40 or 50 years just sounded terrific and realistic!!The ambience and the atmosphere all come so real to you!! It does not only let you hear the music but also brings you there, 40~50 years back from now.It has been just a thrilling and breathtaking experience. I WOULD DEFINITELY RECOMMEND A 'PURE' SILVER CABLE for HD650!!Thanks for reading~!!
Folks, to participate in this hobby you need to be social or have deep pockets. Either you go to headphone meets and actually listen to the products, or buy and sell until you find something you won't give up. No one can tell you what you will like, particularly on something as personal as headphones, where the shape of your head and inner ears are an integral part of the whole.With that said, I have owned Sennheisers for 15 years and these are the best Sennheisers at a price I can handle. Focus Camera is an actual authorized Sennheiser dealer. If you don't like them, there is an active market in used phones. Just take good care of them and keep all the materials they came with.Finally, if you are not an audio hobbyist, what are you doing buying these? There are plenty of phones at $100 or less that could keep you perfectly happy. Great headphones are like whiskey, a lot of the extra cost goes into the final 10% of improvement.
number 1 rated headphones on head-fi (by audiophiles). the clean sound come effortlessly.  construction could be better however.As opposed to having a recessed, dark sound I think the sound quality is clean and neutral. But the force on my head and the dragging force of the cable make the user experience completely on the opposite side of the audio quality. Every time I use them I'm always in fear that they will break. After a couple weeks, I returned them.
For the sake of comparison (for those who are familiar), I will compare these headphones to Grado sr325/Alessandro MS-2, Beyerdynamic DT860, and AKG K702, which are all headphones that I have owned in last 5 years. A lot of people have gone into detail and tried to explain the sonic characteristics of this headphone in great detail so I won't delve much into that. Long story short, this headphone is head and shoulders above the other three I mentioned here. I have seen a lot of people debate as to what kind of music these are good for, and some outright criticize it for being bad for aggressive rock or metal music. Let me tell you right now that these convincingly beat Grado sr325 for metal in my opinion, which is saying a lot since Grados are considered one of the best headphones for aggressvie rock/metal music. Grados are extremely fast but they are also too bright and can be fatiguing. These can keep up with grado in pace but aren't fatiguing at all and on top of that, have a fuller presentation.This is not to say that the other headphones I mentioned aren't good, they are all considered audiophile quality phones at their respective price point, and rightly so. However, they all have some qualms that prevents them from being good for all kinds of music. Grados, for example, are very bright, fast, detailed and have a superb mid-range which makes them good for rock and any thing with fast instrument play, like Jazz. They also excel in Guitar solos. But Grados aren't that good, in my opinion, with pop music and 60s, 70s rock which is more mellow. It has somewhat narrow sound stage and lacks fullness of texture, and when there isn't a lot going on with the music, I find the sound thin. I also had Alessandro MS-2 for a while which was very similar to Grado sr325 in sound signature. I would say better for Jazz and Rock (because of reduced treble) but then even worse for slower music (generally lacking in excitement compared to grado). The AKG K702 was, in my opinion, quite dull, specially coming from Grados. But it was not without its own moments of brilliance. Some Rock music, Pink Floyd for example, simply sounded exceptional on AKGs. It was more of a neutral sound with a wide sound stage but when the guitar solos kicked in, they were really fluid and yet laid back, giving it a mellow vibe. Lastly, the Beyerdynamic DT860s were great too, they weren't as alive as grados but had a bigger sound stage and were really really comfortable (most comfortable pairs I've owned to date). But I always felt that overall, DT860 sound was kind of a downgrade to Grado/Alessandro. It did have some positives though. For me, it was more universal than both Grados and AKGs.So well, being somewhat of a sound enthusiast, I was looking for something that would further address these issues. I must say at this point that the only way to know what you're looking for is by trying as many headphones as possible. you're not going to know what you want by using just ipod earphones. It takes time and there really is no way around it unless you spend a lot of money and purchase a really high quality set of cans. But not all people are prepared to shell out that kind of money on a pair of headphones. So, this is really a journey that most audiophiles or audio enthusiasts must be prepared to take as you also discover more of your own musical taste and sound preferences.Anyway, for my latest set of headphones, I knew more or less what kind of sound I was looking for and I concluded that it was going to be either Sennheiser HD600 or HD650. After reading countless reviews, I was led to believe that HD650s require really nice amp or can be very flawed. Combing that with the fact that they were roughly $100 more expensive than HD600, I thought I would settle for HD600 until I have a better system (I am currently using Arcam rPac as DAC with Bravo audio ocean amplifier). Then I found HD650 for $340 on ebay - new, and pulled the trigger. I was prepared to send them back if it didn't work well on my system. Fortunately, such need did not arise. As soon as I plugged it in, I knew I had found a gem and realized what countless people were talking of on forums and reviews of this beautiful headphone when they said that this was the best headphone under $500. They instantly fixed all the issues I had with my previous headphones while still maintaining most of their strengths, and adding some of its own. For example, these have a wider sound stage than Beyerdynamic and AKG; aren't sibilant like grados; have significantly more bass presence which makes them sound fuller compared to all the above; are more comfortable than Grados and AKG; and have their own unique sound signature which is better than all the rest. So for me, they convincingly beat all of the above, in almost all departments.Now, I have not tried any headphones more expensive than this but right now I feel quite content with the sound of these. Mind you this did not happen with earlier phones. I liked them all, even loved them but I knew within days that I was eventually going to have to upgrade. But I waited patiently for years, because honestly, there is no end to this. There will always be something better and more expensive out there that you want. I perceive it as a weakness rather than something to be proud of. However, right now, I feel quite content with the sound of HD650s and I cannot find any flaw. Will it always be like this? Most probably not. But looking at most reviews and people's opinion, this headphone scales brilliantly with other components. So this is definitely something I won't be upgrading for a while before trying different amp/dac combo. Currently, for my budget, this is the perfect headphone and I would recommend it without hesitation to everyone.Also, the common criticisms that you find everywhere about these are quite misleading. People have called it veiled and dark, also slow. I was always a little skeptical towards those thinking - how can so many people praise these headphones that some are calling bad for rock or metal or pop? I think that is more dependent on the source. I don't have a $1000 setup (just $350) and I find it to be adequate to drive these perfectly. Like I said, they sound better than all my other phones in pretty much all genres (this comparison is from memory as I don't have all of those headphones now).Hope this review helps you in your purchase.
I have hearing problems, so I may not be the best person to review these. But, they do seem to accurately reproduce the music that I'm listening too. I've had a lifetime love of music and was a semi-pro musician for decades. I have recorded in NYC studios quite a few times, usually to two inch analog tape.These cans do exactly what they're supposed to do, and very well. Headphones, like guitar amp speakers need a breaking in period before they start to reach their full potential. I only have about 40 hrs. with these and they sound better with every listening session. I have been listening with no EQ added and they have a good high end and nice mid range punch. They do not emphasize the bass. If you like bass, you'll have to boost those frequencies. If you are going to use these to listen with an iPod or PC, expect to spring for a headphone amp if you want to hear what these can do.If you plug a Les Paul into a solid state practice amp, you might not be impressed with the results. Same with these headphones. The better the quality of the source, the more impressive they are. Listening to some pristine vinyl LPs with the phones plugged into my Yamaha receiver, they really shine.I got mine through Amazon for $349 and they are well worth the price. I have seen them elsewhere for $450-$500. I do not think that I would spend $500 unless a quality headphone amp was included in the price.
These headphones are an absolute delight to listen to. when you first get dont expect them to be godly, just let the burn in over night to whatever music you like, it really helps.  I would highly recommend buying an amp/dac for this gem can not be powered by the simple computer. I bought the Aune 1 amp/dac which has served me very well
If they had 6 stars I would have rated these that way. These things are fantastic, everyone who visits & put these on is amazed by them. It's like every song you ever loved taken to a whole level. Unfatuging, good bass, mids are fantastic, you've never heard rhythm guitar sound so good. Treble is there and always smooth. These make listening to music fun.every pair of headphones I've ever owned I would have to take off after a while. Not these, I don't wanna take em' off. Don't believe me? Read the other reviews here. That many people can't be wrong! These cans are the real deal!
I have had these phones burning in continuously for 5 days now and they sound the same as they did after one day. Burn-in doesn't seem to be a significant factor so far.I'm using these through the headphone jack of an orginal Adcom GFP-555 preamp, listening to CD through a PS Audio D-Link III DAC. I have one other set of phones - Grado SR-325i which I originally thought were great but seem to be fatiguing and intense in the mids now. The Grados have an in-your-face presentation. They can make average to poor recordings sound good but make average rock CDs like"Night Ranger's debut CD too intense and forward in the mids to listen to with the Grados. I am mostly comparing to my Magneplanar MG-IIIa speakers which have a beautiful midrange and ample bass for everything but pipe organ music.The HD-650's are the anti-Grados. the HD-650s are very laid back and the bass is. to my ears, really heavy compared to the other frequencies. I think the "extra" bass overpowers the lower mids to a degree, and the mids are already relatively laid back. I also like voices are missing some of the "flavor" they should have. I think that some of the subtle midrange tones are missing or buried in the mix because of the excess bass. I just listened to some selections from a remaster of the music from the movie "2001: A Space Odyssey". I have listened top this music on LP and CD since I first saw the movie a long time ago. I have seen the movie probably a dozen times now in various theatres. I've listened to the music with my Magneplanars and with my Grado headphones, and now the 650s. The rumble of the pipe organ bass pedal at the beginning of "Thus Spake Zarathustra" (the 2nd track on the CD) is certainly deep but has no sound character except "deep". It doesn't sound like a pipe organ pedal - it sounds like a big, fat, continuous deep tone. There's another take on this music later in the CD but it seems to be somewhat different - the bass of the pipe organ pedal sounds more like a real instrument than just a mass of bass sound. I also listened to "Gayne Ballet Suite" and "Blue Danube". These two songs sound muddled and congested. The strings and various instruments kind of blend together. This was really disappointing to me - I expected so much more. After listening to tracks from this CD, I pulled the phones off my head in disgust and put them back on the shelf!I listened to David Lindley's "Pappa Was a Rolling Stone". That sounded pretty good. Lots of bass but not too much. My preamp has knobs for bass and treble which I never use but I switched them into the circuit and dialed the bass back a bit - that helped.I listened to a Rolling Stones CD with "Beast of Burden" and some other popular songs on it and the midrange is clear but I feel like the bass is a lot more prominent than Jagger's voice and that doesn't sound "right" to me based on what I've heard with speakers. Mick's voice should be more forward in the mix and the bass should be a foundation for the music, not overpowering as it is with the 650s.I listened to Natalie Cole's "Unforgettable" CD and her voice sounds a little heavier, lower in frequency, huskies?  than it should. I listened to Elana James' (western swing, electric violin) self-titled CD and, although not the best recording, her violin doesn't sound much like an electric violin (I have seen her live many times). I listed to a CD by violin virtuoso Joshua Bell, and again not the best recording but one I've listened to with my Maggies, and the violin lakes life and lacks that special tone we associate with a violin. I also tried some rock - AC/DC "Highway to Hell", ZZ Top's "Fandango" (live) CD, and Led Zeppelin II. The guitars lack edge/bite and vocals are rather distant and rounded off - mellowed out, no edge or harshness to voices.These phones also do not seem to have the midrange "tone" of my Magneplanars. I'm listening to pipe organ music now on my speakers and the "tone" and feel of the midrange has that special woody and bell-like sound of a good pipe organ and/or auditorium. I have a "thing" for pipe organs and have listened to numerous organs in various auditoriums. The sound of auditorium varies and the intensity of the organ varies but the pipes always seem to have this same kind of sound - just more or less of it depending on the auditorium. The 650s do not convey this special flavor of the pipes and that's big disappointment. The bass-heavy sound, I think, messes with the rest of the sound.The high frequencies sound nice so far - cymbals sound nice without being too much. A little softer but better than the Grados. In general these are very detailed headphones - I can hear subtle little instrument tones I've never noticed before with my Grados.I think the best way I can describe how they sound to me is "relaxed" and "extremely polite" with all kinds of music. If you listen for details in the music, there's plenty to hear. The mid-bass on down sounds pretty "one note" to me, though. These phones are like the college professor I had that taught accounting - all the information was there, but he was the most boring prof. I ever had. These headphones get a lot right but I find them uninvolving, without that spark of life.Many people have commented that these phones and the Sennheiser HD-600 are "veiled". I would instead say they are mellow and a little relaxed in their sound. The details are all there, but not anywhere near as in-your-face as my Grado SR-325i headphones (I'm looking for a more neutral headphone than my Grados). These are very spacious-sounding headphones and I especially like that! My Grados have nowhere near the sense of space the Senns have.My partner, who likes music but is not an audiophile at all, listened to music from the movie, "The Mission" on the HD-650s and on my old Grado SR-80s (the 325i's are at Grado for repair right now). After listening to songs with both headphones for awhile, he said that the oboe didn't sound "right" on the HD-650s and everything in general sounded far away (distant) and he had to really concentrate to hear everything that's going on.Overall, I feel the HD-650's are too heavy-sounding and kind of "dark" - the bass is too strong for a good sound balance. I will be returning them to try something else instead. I have read numerous reviews on the internet where people have said they tried various headphone amps and/or one of several brands of silver headphone cable to control the bass better. If I have to pay a couple hundred bucks for new cables and buy a separate headphones amp for $200-$500 or more, it is cheaper to just try different headphones. There are a lot of high-end headphones on the market; I'm sure there are others I will prefer to the 650s. If you like a laid-back, really mellow phone with no personality, you might like these. I personally find them massively overhyped in reviews and the audio press.
The HD 650's are phenominal headphones, but contrary to Amazon's posted information (as of 11/29/14) these are NOT noise cancelling headphones.  In fact, they are an open back design that allows ambient noise to get thru.  They are designed for critical listening in your home or other relatively quiet environments.  If you want peace and quiet on an airplane, these are not for you.Also, while they will work just fine plugged into your iPod, phone or Pono player, since they are high impedance (300 ohm) headsets the volume on these types of portable devices may be lower than you want or expect, even turned up to the max.
Background:  These are my second audiophile grade headphones (first:  Grado RS1).I've loved music my whole life. Been to a bunch of great  concerts:  John McLaughlin at the Park West in Chicago / Kinks at the Tower Theater / Leonard Bernstein and the Vienna Philharmonic at Carnegie Hall / Muddy Waters....Dizzy Gillespie both at Grant Park (Chicagoagain). Live concerts give you estatic experiences--yet there's a sadness that creeps at the end because you realize when the concert is over, you'll never hear that performance again.The concert doesn't have end, the music can become part of your everyday life, giving you joy and expanding your senses every time you slip into a pair of 650's. The people at Sennheiser have created a truly classic piece of equipment--with the right companion equipment (proper amp and source material) these headphones will bring you to tears (really).My comanions for the HD650's: O2 amp (buy direct from JDS labs in southern illinois), Fiio X5 (amazon), Sarah Vaughan (Words Can't Describe / hi res file of course / she's immortal, found at all the best places).I know I'm preaching to the choir--these headphones are famously impressive--but there might be one person on the fence, thinking "should I buy these expensive headphones for my girlfriend or boyfriend and I say to that person: " Do it! "
Where to start!first off imo these are the best cans you can buy until you get into the 1000.00 rangethe lows are deep and prevalent without being muddythe highs are clear and sparklythe mids (oh those luscious mids) are spot on-clear and concisecomfort is a dream-i can almost forget i have these on at timesreplaceable cords-gotta luv emwill take whatever the amount of power you want to throw at emconsc'mon sennheiser  these arent the top reference cans anymore drop the price to around 250.00-300.00 and watch em fly off the shelvespower consumption- to all you people who negatively rate these cans- you only get out of em what you put into embe prepared to spend as much if not more on a good amp-dacplug these into a schiit lyr tube amp with some nos orange globe tubes and hang on for the ride of your lifeopen back-well,not much to say here-these were not made to be on the go cansscalability- the better your source componets the better these sound-you wanna plug into an ipod,you get ipod sound with these cans and a schiit lyr tube amp with really good tubes and a quality dac i have spent around 1500.00but before you gasp and go wtf! remember that a really good home stereo will set you back around 3000.00-5000.00and i get the same sound from a computer and i can rock out at 3am without the people next door having a hissy fitfor half that price
I'm personally not an audiophile though I do enjoy music. I'm an avid gamer and use the Astro A50 for gaming (great product) when listening to music though there is a noticeable difference between them. It's really funny how much you can hear; all the imperfections and such. Very comfortable and you can wear them for hours without a problem. Great for all genres of music I've tried with them ex. Classical, hip hop, electronic, rock. If you have the money and are looking for a serious purchase I'd definitely recommend them.
What a difference stepping up to real audiophile quailty cans...a whole differnt world.  Have heard things in songs I have been listening to for 30+ years, Along with my IE80's (can only imaginge what the IE800 sound like) for mobile use, all I can say is thank you Sennheiser.
These headphones are extremely comfy I can war them for hours, the padding is quite thick and the velour material is amazing. The sound is just sennheiser at it's best. People think that the highs are rolled off, I don't think they are rolled off they are just a tad lower. The mids sound gorgeous and the low end has a nice kick to it. I would highly reccomend a headphone amp if you are buying these since they need a lot of Juice to sound good. Some amp reccomendations would be Cheap: fiio e12 fiio eo7k or Schiit Modi or JDS labs ODAC. These are just some but there are many more options. Again this is sennheiser at it's best and they are the "BEST" headphone company for a reason. To come up with something like this is truly magical awesome!
I've had my HD 650s for three years.  I listen to them mostly with an iPhone, which about half the time is with a $150 Fiio headphone amp and the rest of the time with no headphone amp.  I also use them with my California Audio Labs CD player and my Linn Majik integrated amp.I like but don't love them.At first, I thought they were AMAZING.  I was comparing them to other headphones I've owned, which until that time were in the $250 and lower price range.Since then, I've had a chance to hear nicer headphones (with my iPhone and with my stereo).  I would say that the HD 650s sound very good, have good definition and a pleasing open soundstage.  But so do most other open-back headphones in the $400-500 price range.  The HE650s sound a bit different, a bit more laid back, perhaps.  But no better than average in this category.When it's time to replace them, I won't be buying another pair of HD650s.Should you buy these?  I'll bet you'd enjoy them a lot.  But if you can, try to listen to some other models first.  For example, AKG K701/702, Beyerdynamic T70 or DT880, Audiotechnica AD1000X, Denon AH-D600, Shure SRH 1440/1840.I would say the people who award 5 stars to the HD 650s fall into one of three categories:1) People who are comparing them to cheaper headphones as I first did, or to Bose.2) People who are comparing them to other headphones in the same price range and prefer the sound signature of the Sennheisers.  This is a matter of personal preference and I won't say these people are wrong.3) People who know a lot more about headphones than me and know some reason that I cannot determine why the HD650s are better than others at this price point.  I'm the first to admit I don't know everything, so of course you'll read lots of other reviews before making your purchase decision.But make sure you don't base your purchase decision only on reviews by people in the first category.
I wanted to like this headphone. I have used HD595 for several years prior to getting the HD650.Sorry to say, this is a terrible headphone compared to the competition.The good:Good bassGood comfortOk soundstageNon-fatiguingNot too leaky.The bad:Roll-off in the high frequencies makes this headphone more or less unusable.It's the famous Senn veil at its absolute worst.. What a disaster.What were they thinking?? This is a quite expensive headphone, and one should expect something better for that amount..And they have some heavy competition:AKG Q701 is in the same price range and that's really a much better headphone.Almost anything from Grado, including the cheap models, beats this on SQ.Spend the same amount on a headphone from Hifiman and you will most likely be a lot happier.Something went wrong with the design of HD650, and interestingly there are still a lot of HD650 fanboys..
I have owned the HD650's for several years now. I have listened to kinds of things with them - jazz, classical, EDM, action movies, drama movies, PC gaming, you name it. They might be best open, passive headphones available for under $1000. They are not portable by any definition. They do not isolate external noise at all. If you plan to listen to headphones in a noisy environment, look elsewhere. I would say they are the best headphones available under $500 in their category. I also own more expensive headphones and I still use the HD650's every day. The soundstage is epic, the frequency response is wide and disicplined, they never lead to listener fatigue. I've heard headphones which hit far harder in the low end, but if you really wanted that you wouldn't be reading this and would have already bought into the Beats garbage. They are more comfortable than some headphones twice the price. Unfortunately, they require some kind of dedicated amplifier to drive them properly. Even a cheap solid-state amplifier (well under $50) makes a huge difference. If you plug them directly into an iPhone, Android, or Blackberry device there will be gaps in the frequency response (almost no bass, muddy treble), but the listening experience is still acceptable. Battery-powered devices just can't swing the voltage enough to drive these headphones correctly at any reasonable volume.
Stunning sound quality. The imaging and separation are the best I've heard, soundstage is monstrous and there is very little fatiguing if any at all. No sibilance or muddy low end. Attack is fast and smooth, decay is slow. Warm warm warm. It's like having a jazz club sitting on your head. Each instrument gets its own spotlight. Comfort is a 9/10. Some slight clamping but, for me, it's fine. Nothing like some reviews claim. There's nothing I can throw at the 650 that it can't handle. For example, Gotye's song "State of the Art" builds so many layers and sounds that many headphones wash out and can't keep up. This set of headphones delivers every detail.
Love these headphones. Have them hooked up to a JDS Labs ODAC + O2 and playing music from my computer plus streaming audio. Have a tube headphone amplifier on the way for use with my stereo. Can't wait to hear these with a tube amp setup. I have an eclectic music collection and pretty much everything sounds better.
After my Sennheiser HD598 died, I was careful about my next pick. Tried Shure 1440's but found them uncomfortable.  I moved up to the HD650 and its proven to be a great choice.  I play both the cello and acoustic guitar.  Indeed, my very picky ears are happy once the HD650 were hanging on my PC. I have wide ranging- eclectic musical interests.  Jazz-rock-pop-classical--even a litle rap top my long term "set list." These fones  are excellent for all circumstances.  The key?  Even balance that is true to the recording.  Not too boomy when boom doesn't live nor are they too  tweety either.Ah, ... just right.
I recently broke my beloved Sennheiser HD555s. They have since been re-soldered and mostly work, but I needed a new, reliable headphone. I had Sennheiser HD598s at home and enjoy them, but didn't want to get another pair of the same headphone for work.Long have I wanted to experience the HD650. For years I've looked up the mountain at them.When the time came to pick up new headphones, I looked for the best possible deal.My criteria: Good for very long listening sessions (8-12 hours in a day with rests), so they must be extremely comfortable. Good to great to listen to. Solid build quality.I tried the following:- Audio Technica ATH-AD900X: These felt cheap and didn't sound great. Nor were they comfortable.- Beyerdynamic DT880 (Pro and 250 Ohm Premium): Honestly, these sounded excellent, but I have longish ears and they caused discomfort after a while.- Various other headphones I could get my ears on at local stores (the two above I purchased and tried for a period of time).The Audio Technicas were "good," but I didn't feel they were worth even a discounted ~$150 price tag. They sounded worse than 598s and the build quality felt terrible. The Beyerdynamics sounded great, better in some ways than the 598, worse in others. I would have stopped my search there if only the ear cups fully surrounded my ears.Ultimately, I bit the bullet and bought the Sennheiser HD650 after a few weeks of searching.First impressions:- Sound Quality: Good. Better than my 598s? Not sure yet.- Comfort: Good. Worse than my 598s and 555s. The ear cup fully surrounds my ears and doesn't jam anything down, but it's relatively clampy.Amp/DAC pairing first impressions:For DACs, I tried Creative X-Fi Titanium HD, AudioQuest Dragonfly v1.2, Schiit ModiFor Amps, I tried Creative X-Fi Titanium HD, AudioQuest Dragonfly v1.2, Schiit Magni, Schiit Vali- Creative X-Fi Titanium HD: The Creative worked well as a DAC only. It didn't do great as an amp for the 650 (sounded a little muddy).- The Dragonfly did well as a DAC only. Nice and clear. As an amp, it didn't do great with the 650.- The Modi did okay as a DAC, but I didn't feel it was as clear as the Dragonfly as a DAC in front of an amp or the Creative X-Fi as a DAC (via RCA out).- The Magni was fairly underwhelming as an amp pairing for the 650 (and it was noisy with my 598, causing crackling sounds). It wasn't but, but was a little sluggish.- The Vali was decent as an amp pairing for the 650. Felt a little cleaner and brighter than the Magni, but still wasn't quite *there* for me.I continued trying to find the best way to make the 650 work for me. I really wanted to love them. So I listened to them.For the DAC, I ditched the Dragonfly and Modi because the Modi was worse than the other options and I already had a Creative X-Fi Titanium HD, and its DAC sounded very good to me (roughly the same as Dragonfly).For the Amp, I decided to grab an Objective2 (from Mayflower, customized Desktop O2 with RCA input and power in back and 1/4" headphone out).Second impressions:- Wait a minute, I'm starting to get it... these headphones are... awesome.- Paired with the X-Fi's DAC going to the Objective2 amp, the Sennheiser HD650 sings. Great clarity, crisp responsiveness, good highs, good lows, good mids, good soundstage.- Am I just imagining things? Maybe if I try my 598 they'll seem just as good. Nope. 650 is more punchy, has deeper bass, and feels more musical than the 598.- But they're still clampy (less so than when I got them due to wear). So I searched the internet and discovered you can gently bend the metal on the headband by extending them as far as possible and bending just the metal portion slightly (I gripped the metal exclusively). Ahhhhhhh... there's Sennheiser comfort.Conclusion:Paired with a proper Amp and DAC and given some time, the Sennheiser HD650 lives up to its position on the throne of sub-$500 headphones. I picked mine up for $410 here at Amazon and don't regret it. Even if at first I admittedly was considering sending them back.
I can't really bring anything new to this review that anyone else hasn't said. What I can bring is my experience with owning the VModa M100 to the Sennheiser HD650. I have both headphones playing out of a Firefly from woo audio at work. At home I have a Fiio E09/E07 set up.Regarding sound, Their both really fantastic, Sure the 650 is balanced and highs are super clear, but the sound as most know is very characteristic of Sennheisers sound which is more neutral flat and clear. Just something perfect for hearing something as it was meant to be. The M100 Produces a very wide range soundstage if you have great equipment to power it. Its also got more of a bass response for more modern music. So their just two different but great headphones.Build Quality - This is where the M100 really pulls away from the 650. The M100 feels like it was designed for the military to be used at shooting ranges and in airplanes. The 650 just feels plasticky and delicate. Like I have to set it down gently. That if it fell off the table the mesh on the outside might dent or chip away.Fit - The M100 is my commuter, I wear it in the winter when its cold out it keeps my ears warm. And in the summer it makes my ears sweat. There is no breathability as its almost a complete closed back. Which also helps with sealing out all environmental noise. Band feels nice never needed any breaking in and adjust well. The 650 breathes fantastically well as I can wear them now for hours and hours with out feeling hot in the year or fatigued. The strap at first is very very tight, to the point where i was getting headaches at first. After the second week of long day usage it finally wore in. The Ear cups are also very generous and fits around the side of your heads and don't even touch any part of my ears.I really do love both of them and find that I listen to both equally. Or one for different times of my life. On an interesting note, The M100 can be driven by anything and can be used for all your gadgets. The HD650 not so much, i would consider this a strict desktop home audio set up with a good amp needed to get full potential out of the headphones.
I upgraded from the HD 540s which served me very well for many many years.  However upon putting these cans on my head and playing some high rez (320 Kbs) tracks immediately confirmed that I had made the right choice.  The build quality of the unit is excellent.  Everything on the headphones is tight and solid.  I have used them both on my Onkyo home receiver (which was best) and on my Sound Blaster X-Fi card.  True to the reviews these headphones are warmer in sound and favor the lower range (bass) which is just fine with me.  However to my surprise they kick the highs with clear, sharp, and clean tones.  So the overall range exceeded my expectations.Now that I've got the fan boy stuff out of the way a word of caution.  These are open air units and if you have never used open air cans your in for a treat.  BUT they do require you to understand that your environment that you use them WILL impact your experience.  Also anyone in the space you are using them will be treated to the track you are enjoying as well.If you have the money I highly recommend buying these.  If you don't have the money go to the blood bank, sell your blood, and get these cans.  What are you waiting for you could die tomorrow so seize the day, buy these headphones, and transport yourself to an audiophile headphone heaven.(Note: There are more expensive units out there that I'm sure kick these 650s @ss but for the money I think these are the best on the market that I have tried.)
Perhaps the single greatest purchase I've made in my short time on this planet. Coupled with my FiiO E09K+E17 which seem to provide more than enough power to drive these cans. I can definitely notice more clarity in the highs/lows and a much punchier bass relative to my previous HD-598's.
The sound is fantastic when you play the right CDs. Yes, the right CDs. Not all music is recorded in the same manner. I do find the open back design sort of annoying though because you can hear EVERYTHING around you and you can't listen to them in the same room with other people because they can hear the music you're listening to which defeats headphones in my opinion. For music like the The Beatles, though. It's like candy for your ears. You will hear stuff you never ever heard before on lesser headphones.
These headphones have officially blown my mind.  I have them attached to a xonar stx and set the impedence to 300-600 ohms.  It has truly changed the game.I upgraded from the senn 558 which had the foam mod done to improve bass response.  The amount of clarity, especially in the realm of bass and drums, is dramatically improved.  Listening to Hendrix, Led, the Stones and the beatles has never been this good.  Individual instruments have never shined through quite so much.
There are so many headphones out there, the choices were overwhelming. I got these after reading article after article for about 3 weeks. My local Best Buy pushed Beats and Bose for high end, but no Sennheiser (600's on up). My town doesn't offer a store with high end headphones, so I was taking a risk when I pulled the trigger on these. Remember, everyones processing of noise is different and though these may be perfect for me it may not be perfect for you.My other review for the AudioEngine D1 DAC talks about my set up (and my background), but a couple things changed since then. I use this with the mentioned DAC on an iMac (2010) and Macbook Pro (2012) using iTunes with Amarra (full version). I also used this on my Pioneer VSX-521 Receiver (not high end, but had it for a while) with my laptop/DAC plugged in; set to Direct Mode. This allowed me to have amplification without the receiver processing the sound with unneeded filters.The headphones were packed in a blue/grey Sennheiser box. It's cardboard, but thicker and tougher with little metal hinges to open the lid. Inside the headphone were nestled in molded foam. It also came with a 1/4" to 1/8" adapter. I chuckled a bit because I haven't seen an 1/4" plug since I was a kid.I was worried after spending the money that my DAC wouldn't push these monsters. I completely forgot these were NON-POWERED phones, but my DAC worked quite well with them. These should not be used for an iPod or phone (according to articles), but I was surprised at the sound using my iPhone 4S and Bongiovi's DSP app (volume at 9). This was just a test, not normal use.The sound was extraordinary to my ears. I first tested it on a 24/96 version of the Brandenburg Concertos and was amazed of the separation of the lows, mids, and highs. I could distinctively focus on each instrument. I then tested this on a 24/96 version of Dark Side of the Moon. Though my QC15's were good, these phones were amazing when listening to more demanding music such as Classical or Progressive. It's been a couple of weeks and they've changed the way I listen to music. I can't even read to music anymore with these on because I'm too focused on the sounds coming at me.There are enough reviews out there for the HD650 to make a good informed decision, but as I said, it's subjective for every person. I plan on building a Crack Headphone Amp to power these even further, but right now I'm loving what I'm hearing.
I have owned these phones for nine years, and as a studio engineer (of over thirty years) use them for many hours every day. They have not chipped, broken, fallen apart or failed in ANY way. They are the most reliable, well-designed and well-built phones I have ever seen or used.I am completely and intensely satisfied with the HD 650s frequency response curve, headband pressure, sound quality and craftsmanship. As with any personal sound device, headphones are one of the most notorious for preferential choice. Since these are not cheapo phones, it is recommended that one try to find a set to audition prior to purchase. However, that said, just scope the vast majority of very positive reviews by some of the most respected top audiophiles, and go ahead and get these phones without remorse.Additionally, when trying to describe how these headphones "sound," especially compared to the huge number of other, decent ones out there, putting these on and tuning in is like a breath of fresh air. You might listen to a dozen fine examples from top-end makers - in all price ranges - but when you put these on, you are home. The sheer comfort and complete lack of "bad" sound is almost overwhelming.
Only caveat is that the cord is too short only 10FT. Bought Mogami Gold EXT 25 Headphone Extension Cable 25 feet and its a winning combination. Snug comfortable fit and excellent well balanced sound. Good bass and transient response. No need for an extra amp sound great with good volume direct from my Marantz CD Player or my Pioneer Elite Reciever. Also used with computer. Best headphones I have ever owned.
I own them for over 6 months, you need to wait 200 hours to really "break" them.  I don't think I need to talk much that already others have done.  Like everything in Hi-Fi (hi-end) they need a demanding equipment.  I'm using Asus Xonar STX with Bursons OPamp + high precision clock, the only thing left is the headphone cable.  I can say the sound of them (at this price) is amazing, I really don't think is worth to spend 3 times more to get a HD850 to get like 10% more on audio fidelity.
Oh, one of the most beloved and well known headphones in the audiophile community. These were my 'dream' headphone since the beginning of my audiophile journey. One I never thought I'd ever buy back then. It's also one of the few headphones that after I learned what sonic quality I wanted in a headphone, didn't think I would personally like. If I had bought them months or years ago, I'm not sure I would've liked them. I tend to prefer a bright, aggressive, bass and treble-centric headphone. The HD650 is known to be the opposite. Dark/warm, relaxed, and smooth, with dulled treble response. You can see why I was very adamant about not ever giving these a chance.It wasn't until recently that I wanted to venture out and look for something a little different from my normal preferences. An alternative that I'd use whenever I wanted to sit back, and enjoy a soothing sound, with forward mids/vocals that I could watch my TV shows, movies, anime with. Ironically, my secondary can is considerably more expensive than my main can (DT990s) at the time. Lol, Head-fi logic. Well, I went and took the plunge, hoping for the best, but expecting the worst. I thought I would hate them. Really. It was an experiment that would cost me, but one I needed to do at some point, as the HD650 was always that ONE headphone I was always curious about (more than any other).So what happened? Did I like them? Hate them? To my surprise... I loved them for music, movies, TV, and anime, and liked but wasn't thrilled by them for gaming. Let's get into the sound.Bass: The lows. Well, this is surprising. They are actually pretty bassy. Not DT990 bassy, but they have a nice, full, bassy sound. I'd say it's between the DT880 and 990 in presence. It's a warm bass, with medium speed. Pretty much ideal for all-rounder headphones with good bass that would please those that like balance and a fun signature. The bass quantity is enjoyable for all crowds, unless you're a pure neutral-head or pure bass-head. I didn't find myself wanting more bass, though they do roll off in the sub-bass, which is typical of most dynamic headphones, something the HE-400 has no problems with.If I could score the bass, it'd be; Quantity: 7.5, Quality: 8. Just really pleasing bass all around.Mids: This is the star of the show. And when I say star... I mean, it is absolutely one of the best interpretation of mids/vocals I have EVER heard on any headphone...EVER. I'm usually fine with mid recession as I tend to prefer bass and treble emphasis, but MAN... once I heard the HD650... it made me see mids in a whole new light. The vocals are so sweet, so upfront, so rich, so haunting! Based on mids alone, I recommend this headphone to ANYONE looking for a headphone that does vocals some amazing justice. The only other headphone that provides really sweet mids that I've heard is the Audio Technica ESW9, but the ESW9 is a closed on ear, with a considerably smaller soundstage, and overly smooth treble, and stuffy sound signature in comparison. The ESW9 is good, but not HD650 good.The HD598 also has very forward mids, but I felt the lean bass, and thinner sound, made the mids sound unnaturally forward and shouty. The warmth and fullness of the HD650 basically destroyed any chance the HD598 had in a direct comparison. There was no competition. The HD650's mids demolish the HD598's in tone, realism, and richness. The HE400 is often compared to the HD650, and despite my preference for the HE400, the HD650 is clearly the king of mids here. The HE400 has great, INTEGRATED mids, that don't sound pushed back or forward with a realistic tone. That being said, the HD650's forward mids are special. The HD650 clearly wins here. As far as Q701 and HD650's mids, the HD650 wins again. The Q701 has forward mids, but they aren't nearly as full sounding, or as rich.Long story shot, the mids are godly. If I had to score them: Quantity: 10, Quality: 10. That is perfection, because that's how I feel about the HD650's mids.Treble: Oh the treble. This is single-handedly the ONLY reason I have put off getting the HD650 for so long. If you read about the HD650, the treble will always be discussed and debated on. Are they too smooth, rolled off, undetailed... veiled? This is a debate that will never end on Head-fi. As a fan of treble sparkle and some emphasis, I was absolutely mortified about hearing what people said of the HD650's smooth, laid back, dull, treble.So how did they sound to me? Surprisingly, I REALLY liked the treble! I didn't LOVE it. I still do prefer some more sparkle, but as the relaxing alternative to my typical treble emphasized headphones, I didn't find the treble overly smooth or dull on the HD650. Trust me, when your main can is the DT990 which is known for it's SUPER treble emphasis, and compare it directly to the much more reserved and rolled off treble of the HD650, you would tend to notice a huge difference. In all honestly, I really thought the treble on the HD650s was right where it should be for the type of headphone that the HD650 is. Without that treble, I think the HD650 wouldn't sound as rich and 'creamy' as they do. Would I use the HD650s as my ONLY headphone? To be frank, no. They performed well in absolutely everything except genres that desired an aggressive signature. Stuff like metal, and EDM just didn't have the energy on the HD650s. So no, they aren't the perfect all rounders. However, through some vocal dependent tracks, and stuff like movies, TV, and most non-music needs (even gaming), the HD650s are indeed in a very good place. Unfortunately, I tend to listen to EDM and metal more than anything, so the HD650 lost a few points.To score the treble; Quality: 7, Quantity: 7. If the treble is boosted by a bit, these could be what I'd consider very natural to neutral with a slight emphasis towards bass. I think they'd be less rich overall though, so I personally wouldn't want to touch what makes the HD650 what they are.Amping: I have the HD650 paired up with the Audio-GD SA-31 which is much more powerful than pretty much any amp most of you use, or would use, so I'm not exactly sure how they'd sound with less power, but I personally felt that they aren't as hard to drive as people make them out to be. They need considerably less power than the DT990/600, and possibly even the DT990/250. I'd say they'd need about as much as the DT990/32 for at LEAST volume level. We know power =/= volume, but it helps. To be clear: they do not need a lot to be driven LOUDLY. I tested them with the Mixamp only, and they can be driven off it loud enough. I didn't test it enough to see how well they're actually driven, but they sounded good. They may be a little thinner sounding, which could actually be a good thing for gaming, as it makes pinpointing sounds a bit easier than the very rich, thick signature the HD650s have with the SA-31.Okay, so how did they perform for gaming?---START GAMER SECTION---Soundstage: I haven't gotten to the specifics of gaming with the HD650s yet, but I'll mention the soundstage first. With and without extra amping the Mixamp, I felt the HD650's soundstage to be medium sized. Not big, and not little. However, I didn't find them to be stellar in terms of depth, so the sense of space for gaming, wasn't as good as I would have hoped. I was always expecting the HD650 to not be the greatest pairing for Dolby Headphone, and my fears were slightly warranted. The front/back depth isn't great. Let's get that out of the way. The width is good, but not close to being the best. The DT990 destroys the HD650 in both depth and width. So how's the air within the soundstage? Well, the problem with the HD650, is that it's a very full sounding headphone. Thick, warm tone tends to make the soundstage seems less airy and smaller. This is one of those times where a thinner/leaner sounding headphone has the advantage, like the AD700/HD598/K701. The HD650 isn't STUFFY like say the ESW9, but that rich tonality doesn't help gamers.Positioning: Positioning and soundstage tend to go hand in hand, so if the soundstage isn't great, the positional cues will suffer. How did the HD650 fare positional-wise? Well, they were good. Not great, and could obviously be better, but they do their job. I could play something like Black Ops without any problems, though having used headphones much better for soundstage/positioning, I could tell they lacked a bit. I'd put the HD650 just ever so slightly above the DT880 positional wise, but they aren't that much better.Clarity: You need clarity for soundwhoring in competitive gaming. Despite the laid back treble, I found the natural tone of the HD650 to be very detailed. The forward mids came off very clean and clear, and I felt I didn't miss any sounds. I've heard better overall (even the 990's are better for soundwhoring). The problem is that the HD650 is a very thick sounding headphone. Basically, the issues I explained in the soundstage section is what hurts clarity for gaming purposes.---END GAMER SECTION---Comfort: I mentioned that Sennheiser likes their clamp. The HD201, HD280 Pro (!), PC360, and HD598 all have some form of clamp. The HD650 is no different. They do clamp a bit more than I'd personally like, but it's a minor gripe overall. I find the HD650 to be very comfortable overall, and over extending the arms a little, to wear the HD650 slightly loose alleviates the clamp a bit. I've felt better, but not much better. The velours are great. Not too firm, and not too soft. The cups are huge and will fit ears very comfortably. I like the oval shape, which makes them easier to use while laying down compared to circular cups.Value: The Sennheiser HD650 is a considerably expensive headphone. If your main purpose for getting a headphone is gaming, there are considerably better options for less. If pure audio fidelity, and non-gaming purposes is your main purpose, the HD650 is incredibly hard to beat. Their sound signature is just stellar for most things, save for a few genres, and they're competent for gaming, just not stellar. I personally can't justify owning both the HD650 and HE-400, so I stuck with the HE-400 which is a more energetic, and better equipped for gaming use.Final Impressions: The HD650 has a very special place in my heart. It took years to finally take the plunge, but I'm VERY glad I did. They have quickly become one of my very favorite headphones. Though their gaming performance isn't as stellar as I would have hoped, it's better than I expected. I absolutely love the HD650 overall, and they have made me see the importance of mids, if even for just non-gaming, non-music use. Movies and TV shows are made for the HD650. Their incredible tonality, rich/full sound, perfect mids are an absolute blessing. Treble is definitely it's weakest aspect of sound, but they aren't veiled, just...reserved.For gamers looking for all-rounders, these do put up a fight. They're better than the vast majority of headphones I mentioned on this guide in terms of audio fidelity, but in raw performance for gaming, they're outclassed by others costing considerably less.
I've owned my hd650's for about 3 years now. I own them along with Senn HD25, and Shure se530 in-ear. In this whole time I've only owned a small portable iBasso D2 - Viper headphone amp. Due to Mortgage, wife agro and other obligations I've been unable to spend money on a new amp to properly drive the 650's. Because of this I preferred listening to my se530 in ears (which are fantastic btw).Recently I purchased a good bang for buck Fiio E09k desktop amp and wow. the Senn HD 650's now sound absolutely amazing. I've started listening to more 24bit lossless audio (FLAC) and it really brings a tear to my eye, especially FLAC ripped directly from Vinyl. Bass is especially what amazes me - In deep vocals, bass drum and electronic bass. Also acoustic guitars and classical string just sounds much, much more detailed. Essentially whether i'm listening to electronic, classical or rock I constantly have a big grin (remember this is a big grin after listening extensively to my se530s). My next upgrade will probably be to buy a Schiit Asgard2 amp because I already have a *ok* DAC (with swapped opamps) and I'm sure i will notice yet another gigantic "upgrade" in sound.The HD650's have gone from great sounding to my goto headphones all because they are now being powered correctly. If your considering these pricey headphones then go buy them (now!) but make sure you have a decent amp in line too. (I suggest the Schiit Asgard 2 ~$250 or more budget Fiio E09k ~ $110) and grab a DAC too along with decent interconnects. (i made my own from CAT5)You won't be disappointedPS: there is a lot to upgrade in the future with these, better interconnects, replaced HD650 headphone cable etc, but I won't go into that. Quick searches on head-fi forums and you will find all the details you need
These were THE BEST headphones I've ever listened through. The problem is that they are specifically designed for one purpose and that is to mix, and not only that but to mix in a quiet room due to the open air technology.unfortunately I need to exchange these for a pair that I can record with. I will however be trying Sennheiser 380 series for that unless there is something better recommended. I need them to be silent so that they don't bleed in to the mic.I previously had a Sony set and they were good, but all the material deteriorated on them after a few years. I hope that Sennheiser doesn't do the same thing.
The HD-650 is legendary among enthusiasts, and commentary is not hard to find (start with Innerfidelity.com and head-fi.org), so no need to launch into a detailed review here. But for more casual users looking to step up their headphone game, these are very highly recommended. Debates rage about how to characterize the sound and place it in the pecking order, but I'd say the HD-650 is the ideal entry-level audiophile headphone, which is not to say entry level overall, nor the end-game of all headphonia. The "warm," some say "veiled" sound is forgiving of loud genres and poor recordings, if not the absolutely most neutral choice available, nor the ideal choice for pristine recordings of classical music, for instance. To the extent that the sound is "colored," i.e., not completely neutral, this coloration is widely regarded as favorable, more so than most. Not unlike a preference for tube vs. solid state amplification, and, indeed, HD-650 shines with OTL valve amps, according to enthusiasts. HD-650 is otherwise an excellent all-around performer with different music, and also responds well to a variety of upstream equipment (amps and DACs). It's possible to listen straight out of a laptop or iPod, but HD-650 responds well to sophisticated purpose-built headphone amps and audiophile-grade DACs, including those that exceed the HD-650's price. With a fairly high impedance at 300 , having some kind of dedicated amplification is highly recommended. Bear in mind that the price for HD-650 on Amazon does fluctuate substantially below the $499 list price, but HD-650 is otherwise an excellent price/performance proposition.
These are wonderful; I use them at work and have had them since 2007. I decided to buy another pair of headphones for my home; I tried a few models that I hadn't tried out in 2007 - dr dre, skullcandy etc. I'm sticking with these for a second pair.
I love how these sound.That being said I don't have any other headphones to compare these to so don't use this as a reason to purchase these over any other headphone.I'm just satisfied with my purchase and will be buying some headphones in the future to compare these against.
If there is one thing that Sennheiser knows how to do, it is make quality, outstanding performing headphones and the HD 650 is another in a long line of great products.I received these as a gift and have tested them on several different types of music....pop, jazz, classical, opera and country western.  Have not tried with hip hop or rap, as I do not listen to much of either of those.Probably the best description is on classical.  The ability to pick out individual instruments is incredible, there is no "blend" of the sounds like with many headphones, each of the instrument and instrument groups are clearly definable.  Vocals come clear and clean with obvious seperation between the vocal and the insturmentation.All in all, great headphones.  The ear cushions are comfortable, if a bit tight to begin with, but that loosens as the headphones are "broken in" to your head.Absolutely worth the money.
I am an audiophile that is willing to spend a fairly hefty amount of money for good quality headphones.  These are, in fact, extremely well made and have a tight fit.  The issue is that the bass is absolutely lacking.  I had to increase the volume on my laptop or iPad to hear it at all.  For this price, I can't live with that.  They should be relatively perfect.  Surprisingly, my husband's Bose noise cancellation headphones sounded night and day better than these did.  Bottom line, I returned them.  I will update the review once I find a pair that I am completely happy with.
This year, I got in to higher quality audio.  I started with a modest sound card for my computer and then went on to stand alone Digital-to-Analog Converters (DACs) and headphone amps and higher quality bit rate music and lossless formats.  For headphones, I went from the Koss PortaPros to the Bowers & Wilkins P5, to the Audio Technica ATH-M50s and, due to one amazing Amazon sale, the Sennheiser HD650 set.  I like the Sennheisers significantly more than the others.  The comfort is astounding.  There is just the right amount of clamping pressure to keep the headphones in place but not press too hard against the head.  I wear glasses and most other headphones I've tried get uncomfortable with headphones.  The HD650 does not. The earcups are large with a very nice soft material.  Other headphones make my ears hot and sweaty.  The HD650 cans do not.As far as sound quality, I won't pretend that I am any kind of expert but I can say I like the sound very much.  Music/vocals are clear.  There is plenty of bass for me although if you like excessive amounts of bass you might want to look elsewhere.  I've heard headphones where the higher frequencies made me cringe and that has never happened with the HD650.  I have not experienced many other high end headphones and acknowledge that there might be some better sets of cans out there (at pretty high prices of course) but I'm extremely happy with my Sennheiser HD650 that I doubt I'll buy another pair of headphones for a long while.A few things to note:-These headphones are not very portable.-The cord is almost comically long.-They have an "open" back which means sound will leak out.  If other people are around, they will likely hear what you are listening to.These aren't necessarily cons, just things people should know before purchase.
This is my first audiophile class headphones that I owned. At first I only bought skull candy headphones because of its stylish designs and at the time seemed excellent in sound quality.then I bought a set of beats by dre solos,and thought those were pretty good...then I somehow came across an add about high quality audiophile headphones...I read about the hd800 and how it was considered to be one of the worlds best headphones on the market. Saw the price for it and almost passed out. How can people pay that much just for headphones?! It didn't make sense to me at all! I've been spending no more than $200 on my previously owned headphones, and I thought those were waaayyy to expensive already...So...I was curious to why people would pay so much...did some reading on them, and found the sennheiser a to be highly recommended on a lot of audiophile websites and reviews. So I decided to try them out. I could not see spending over 1k for headphones, so opted for the hd650 instead. It was half the price and was still recommend just like the hd800...now that I own the hd650, I've not gone back to using my skull candy headphones or the beats. They're toys compared to these...Nice build quality, excellent sound...although I don't like that people can hear what I'm listening to when listening at high volumes. A lot of people complain about the tightness of these headphones clamping force, but it didn't bother me. Maybe cause I don't have very huge head.another complaint I hear about is the paint chipping on the headband. Mines haven't cracked or chipped yet. I think it's mostly cracks on owners who have larger sized heads than I do. My headband doesn't really bend that much.i haven't put in enough hours for the recommended burn in period, but they sound excellent and can't wait to see how they sound when I finally do burn them in. I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a great set of headphones. Of course you need to pair these up with a nice amp for it to work great.ive paired these with headroom's portable micro amp and they work great together.
My biggest fear with purchasing HD650's was needing a super duper $1000 amp to drive them.  That just is not a fact unless you need to be deaf quickly.  For my money HD650's sound great with a light weight portable amp like a FiiO 11 or 17 (with too much power you will deafen others in the room - 650's are really open back!).  I have Shure SE535's, GRADO s80i and AT-ASW9's as well as BOSE QC3's and BOSE IEM 2's so I have heard some pretty good stuff before the 650's.  They will work at comfortable=low volumes with an ipod classic for those out there that want to try it.Conclusion - The 650's are a complete listening package that just fill your ears with music.  Just so good that I am not even thinking about the next step.  Thank you Sennheiser for capping this search for the holy grail of headphones.
After using these for quite some time it's time I gave a review:Pros:Open headphone design allows you to hear all around you really well.Even though these are 300 ohm they work great with my iPhone and iPad.Solid construction (except for the headphone cables).Very comfortable cloth covered ear pads.Very roomy ear holes.After putting them over something to stretch them overnight they were very comfortable.Removable cloth ear pieces (so you can clean them with water and shampoo).They sound better than average.Cons:These $500 headphones almost immediately required replacement wires, made by the same company, that are of a much higher quality. Why not just put the good wires on them to begin with?! Poor quality on expensive headphones is unacceptable.The disco speckle plastic is embarrassing. Did adults design this or 16 year olds that just saw 'Staying Alive' for the first time?Most importantly:Would I recommend these headphones to a friend? No. Never. Overpriced, purposefully cheap lead wires you are required to replace immediately, and a horrible look that will make you feel like you're wearing headphones from the 1980s.I feel kind of ripped off buying these. I should have just gotten something that looked better and sounded just as good for half or a third of the price.-- update 2014-12-13 --Almost two years after replacing the stock headphone cables, that immediately broke, I'm now forced to replace the sturdier cables that should have come with these $500 headphones to begin with.With how little I used these, two years is an unreasonably short time for the cables to have broken, again, so you know what? I don't think I'll be replacing the cables. And I won't be buying Sennheiser ever again.
I am using these headphones with a Fiio E09K amplifier and E17 DAC. I decided it was time to upgrade from my previous HD 558 headphones. I thought that those headphones were really awesome at the time. Right out of the box, the difference of the HD 650s was immediately apparent to my ears. They absolutely crush them and sound mediocre in comparison. The 558s have this very airy, relaxed kind of sound to them, and are not tight at all. The mid range was there, but lacking. The 650s sound much more "there", like the music is right there with you. The bass is very nice and accurate, and tight with a good punch to it, and when it gets deep it has this slight rumble to it without being drowning to the other ranges, which I love. (I love bass, but so many manufacturers get it wrong, and give quite muddy, and sometimes, literally painful bass reproductions. The HD 650s are not like that.) Trebles are incredibly crisp and clean, and reveal details in songs I never even knew existed before. It sounds like your hitting the hi-hat right next to you, that's how good it is. The midrange REALLY shines through on this, and is what connects the two ranges. This is where many headphones and speakers fail miserably at reproducing. I can hear details unlike ever before. Vocals and backup vocals are absolutely clear and distinguishable from each other. You can hear individual strings in guitar playing. I can hear the actual hit of the bass drum, not just the bass of it. The snare sounds very clear and crisp. You can hear the pick hitting guitar strings, the fingers moving up and down as the guitarist switches chords. Classical music is incredible. What you thought was one violin before was actually 3. Everything is in balance and you are totally immersed in the performance.The build-quality of these headphones is top-notch. They are made from very high quality materials, and feel extremely sturdy. You take one look at these headphones and you know they are NOT cheap. They are built to last. They weigh more than most, which I am totally OK with, in fact I prefer it. They put a decent amount of pressure on your head, especially at first, but they are not uncomfortable, and I can listen to them for hours. (may be because the band inside is actually made from metal, and not plastic)I cannot wait for these headphones to open up to their full potential. They have about 25 hours of use so far, and I can already hear differences from when I first used them. They are worth every penny I spent on them, and I would recommend them to any serious audio user. You are not gonna get much better than this in this price range.
It took a long time for me to settle down on headphones. This was not my first but most probably my last. I didn't realize that understanding your preference on the Closed and Open can is exactly what drives your decision on the headphones. Most of the times you need both.I previously owned a variety of earphones and headphones and I always thought the Bass was extra or there was an obvious difference in the way they sounded when i listened to it in my car. I rate my car stereo (honda) much better than Bose because for some reason it engrosses me in the song better. Thats when i heard about open can and after a lot of reviews zeroed in on this.Though it cannot be used in a noisy environment (you'd need closed cans at least) this is one of the best and the truest sounding headphones ever made ...1. The Bass is just right - they don't boom into your ears preventing your ears from adjusting to the melody that plays in the background nor does it fall flat. It's there and it's just enough.2. The treble is perfect as well. For instruments that are made to sound more treblish this highlights it well.3. The arrangement of sound around the ear feels like an Orchestra rather than a 2 sound track. - this was the most convincing factor i ever had. Listen to a Violin Western Classical - something like Four Seasons and you ll know what i say.4. This doesn't feel like the song is sung in a studio or closed space like it does say on a Bose Headphones rather sounds like people sitting around you playing for you. Ofcourse the sound engineering of the song really helps.5. I somehow feel that listening to music live and listening to a headphone line has been superbly blurred by this. It's the same sound, easy on ears and i end my day listening to a playlist of 50/60 songs on a recliner. You ll have no idea how good this is for some one who enjoys variety of music.Pick up some songs that you've loved to listen on your speakers (with Bass in Normal not extra not flat) and then use the headphones .. its bliss ...
These headphones are slightly colored.  Most people prefer that, but if you're using them for studio monitors, you won't find better than the HD800's.  Trust me.  But for everyday use, these can't be beat for dynamic open headphones.  Combine them with a full tube amp and I highly doubt you'll find a better "stuck on an island the rest of your life" headphones.UPDATE:  After having owned these for over a year now, let me elaborate on my thoughts on these INCREDIBLE headphones.Value:  This is tough.  If you like open headphones, and love lower model Sennheisers, like the HD595, HD598, HD600, etc, then you'll surely LOVE these.  I owned a pair of HD595's for several years before I accidentally broken them due to the stupid long cable.  These sound very similar to those, only with a slightly darker top end, and much much much better bass.  And, they're just better overall, in soundstage, speed, bass depth, bass extension, resolution, etc.  Some people just don't like the open headphone sound.  That's perfectly fine, and if that's the case, you probably won't like these.  But if you've owned open headphones and like the open airy spacious natural sound... then you'll ADORE these.Comfort:  4.5 stars.  They're Sennheisers.  Pretty much all Sennheisers are extremely comfortable.  They're light.  The pads are usually comfortable soft velour.  They usually have medium light to light clamping force.  They have really large oval cups that fit the largest of ears.  If comfort is high on your list, these might fit your bill.Value: 5 stars.  These headphones bat outside their league.  Outside their price range.  I've seem MANY people go from these headphones to new headphones in the 4 digit range, then go back to these.  LOTS OF TIMES.  It's for a good reason.  These headphones are going to be a future classic.  You can quote me on that.  If you've never owned "audiophile" quality headphones before, this price might seem high, but trust me, to upgrade from these, you usually have to buy Planar Magnetic headphones like the Audeze LCD-2, LCD-3, LCD-X headphones or similar.  Those are all $1500+.  If you've never had good quality headphones, these might not be your best first choice.  Not because they don't sound good.  These sound incredible.  It's because these headphones are 300 ohms and require a pretty decent amp.  They scale well with good hardware upstream, so a good DAC helps a lot too.  (and source audio, you'll want 320 KB/s mp3's and FLAC if possible)Soundstage: 5 stars.  Do these have the best soundstage ever?  No.  HD800's have that title.  Why do I give it 5 stars then?  Because these headphones have a better soundstage than 98% of the headphones out there.Resolution:  4.5 stars.  Great, but not to the level of Planar/Ortho headphones.  If you've never heard $1500+ ortho headphones, you won't even know what I'm talking about anyways.Treble: 4.5 stars.  I'd give it 5 stars, but the treble on these headphones are rolled a tiny bit.  You may hear them described as "dark" or "veiled".  That's relative.  To me, I prefer darker headphones anyways.  Bright headphones are fatiguing and give me a headache after a few minutes.  These roll the highs just enough to make them easy to listen to for hours, yet leave enough treble there to leave the top end nice and sharp.  No sparkle.  Sparkle bad.  (depends on who you ask lol)Mids:  5 stars.  Sennheisers' bread and butter.  These have incredible mids.  Through tube amps, or hybrid tube amps, the mids are lush.  Liquidy.  Warm.  Female vocals will give you the chills.  The warmth of the mids on these cans will make you smile in aural ecstacy.Bass:  4.5 stars.  These headphones are probably the only headphones from Sennheiser with really good bass.  The bass isn't as tight or deep as on Ortho headphones, but for open cans, it's incredibly impressive.  I give the bottom end a tiny tiny bit of EQ to boost the bass, but other than that, it's the best bass I've heard from open headphones yet.  The punch is pretty solid.  I'd rate punch 3.5 stars.  Bass extension is really good.  I'd rate it 4 stars.  Overall though, I give it 4.5 stars considering these are open headphones.Scalability:  5 stars.  These cans scale like crazy.  Upgrade your DAC: you'll heard the difference.  Upgrade your amp: you'll hear a difference.  Upgrade your tubes: you'll hear a difference.  These headphones just keep giving.I used to own HD595's.  They blew my mind.  The bass on those sucked.  Worse than Bose Tri-Ports, which were aweful themselves in bass.  But you know what?  I loved the lush mids so much, as well as the airy soundstage, I didn't care about the lack of bass.  Those headphones broke later (my fault, not theirs), and I was forced to upgrade.  These headphones are an improvement in every way.  (other than weight and clamping force, the HD595 was lighter in weight and clamped lighter, but not by a whole lot)What's the best amp to drive these?  EASY.  Bottlehead Crack with Speedball upgrade.  They're hands down the best amp for these headphones.  Ask around.  You'll get the same answer.  Any full tube amp will do.  Even the hybrids sound good, but for some reason, these headphones come alive with a full tube amp like the Crack.DAC?  Any external DAC will suffice.  The $99 one from Schiit is fine.  Bifrost Uber even better if you can afford it.  O2.  Lots of choices.  Just don't drive these from the on-board audio on your motherboard.  That's just wrong.The best part about these headphones?  The headphones two to three times its price are only a marginal 10-20% better, if that.  And those usually require another 4 digits worth of gear to be worth getting.  These headphones are at that bang for buck price point where you really start to get diminishing returns when you try to upgrade from these.Pros:  Lots.  Value.  Soundstage.  Lush mids.  Soft highs for long listening session with no fatigue.  Awesome bass, in headphones that have open airy sound.  Removable cable.  Scalability.Cons:  ONLY con: You will have one HELL of a time finding headphones to upgrade to from these headphones.  Be warned!  These are so awesome for their price that you'll have a really hard time finding headphones you'll like better.  That's not really a con though, but since I can't think of any cons, I'll list it as one anyways!If you've heard other open headphones and like the huge soundstage and open sound, and want to upgrade: GET THESE.  Don't even hesitate.  You'll be blown away.  Just make sure you have good source files (320 mp3's or FLAC) and a full tube amp like the Bottlehead Crack amp.  Thank me later!  Enjoy!
Using the Sennheiser HD 650 Headphones as monitors for an electronic drum set, with Android mp3 as source.Tried some burned in AKG Q 701 Quincy Jones Signature Reference-Class Headphones ($250) and Sennheiser HD 558 Headphones (($180).  The AKGs were balanced, but weak.  The 558s pushed out so much bass, I lost my snare drum.  I know for twice as much money you should get much higher quality, but the Senheiser 650s are off the charts.  It's like falling in love with music all over again.  I guess I might be blown away if I tried their $1500 model, but for $500, I feel like I'm getting a bargain.  Sortof like getting 6 cheeseburgers for the price of one.They certainly are not sound-cancelling - my gf can hear them across the room.  But what I hear inside them is like being Alice in Wonderland.
I've had these headphones for over a year. Like most people,I'm used to listening to music on my iphone or computer with earbuds. I've listened to Apple, Vmoda, Etymotic, Sony, Stax, and Sennheiser models over the years. The experience with these headphones is completely different from every phone listed except Stax.Physically, the HD650's are large and bulky. They fit over your ear and press firmly on your head to seal. The cord is long and thick (close to 10 ft. When compared to better in-ear headphones, they are not that comfortable to use for long periods of time (a few hrs max). The backs are open so sound bleeds into the room around you.If you try to drive them directly from your iPhone or PC (I have a Macbook pro), you will be disappointed. First, the volume is very low, and second, the sound quality is not great- clipped and a little distorted with little dynamic range.I was very disappointed until I purchased a separate headphone amplifier (Fiio E10). The difference is amazing. You can hear most every nuance in instruments and voices. Rips at 320K sound much more open and clear than at 128K. Old recordings, especially those from the 70's and 80's where the engineers mixed extra treble sound harsh and squeaky. Great recordings sound amazingly clear (even from the 40's and 50's). The same applies with movies.I used them with a Pioneer airplay receiver and Apple TV but wasn't as impressed as with the Fiio.Bass is good (you can hear the instruments) and tonal mix is fairly even. The sound quality is effortless and very detailed without being harsh or fatiguing.Overall, these are excellent headphones but you need good source material and good electronics to appreciate them. And forget about using them with an iPhone.
These replaced my Bose AE 2 $150 phones. I paid $499.99 for these and simultaneously bought the NuForce Icon HDP for $429. First off they fit great. I have a large head and was a little worried about that. They make my I-Tunes coming from my H.P Pavilion dv7t Quad Edition laptop sound incredible. In person, they look gorgeous too. Spending $928.99 was a hard choice but what an enjoyable payoff. The NuForce makes an excellent difference from just plugging directly into the headphone jack, night and day actually. I researched forever it seemed but was absolutely worth it. Go for it.
For a $500.00 set of headphones you would expect the quality to match the price, but in this case it does not. I have owned a pair of HD650s for almost five years and have had numerous problems. The paint began to chip and flake off after a year of use and small cracks developed in the headband a year later. Finally, after five years the headband broke in half. Superglue did not fix the smaller cracks because once you get them, the integrity of the headband is compromised and you will experience pressure and pinching. I have also had problems with having the sound disappear from the right or left channels and have replaced the cable. A month after that the twin tiny gold coils where the cord is put in the headphones came loose and I had to replace those also. A $500.00 headphone quickly became a $600.00+ headphone after a couple of years. The amount of maintenance on my other headphones don't even come close to the amount of time and money spent on fixing my HD650s. The look and feel of the HD650 screams cheapness, it doesn't even come close to its competitors. In my hands it feels like a child's toy compared to a high-end headphone.The sound is amazing. It feels like I am standing right in the middle of the music and standing next to the orchestra or artist. It is a very warm sound and I forget I am even wearing headphones (before the headband cracking). It is too bad the quality doesn't match the sound. After going through all the headache of repairs the HD650s, I don't ever want to own a pair of Sennheisers ever again.
Just simply the best pair of headphones I have ever owned. Also, I do want to add that you really need a headphone amp and a good soundcard to really get the most out of these. There is a HUGE difference between how these preform on my laptop and my PC with the HT Omega Claro Halo.
I bought these headphones on December 2011 and have since been thoroughly using them. I am absolutely happy with my purchase and here is why:Pros:- Fantastic sound, albeit a bit on the darker side in comparison to Grados(amazingly natural mids, and poignant lows with controlled highs)- Requires at least a 100 hours of burn-in (200 hours recommended if you want to hear the true sound); so it keeps getting better- Amazing bargain at $350 (and still a great bargain at $500), as the sound quality is truly unbelievable- Extremely comfortable to wear for long hours- Fares excellent in general useCons:- Requires a powerful amp to reach its full potential- Build quality and design are average
The old adage goes; "you get what you pay for". These headphones are by far the best audiophile headphones I've ever had on my head.  The comfort goes unmatched among other headphones I've wore. It is important to note these headphones take a bit of wearing before they conform to ones head ( they come very tight and over time they will adjust to your head). I've also owned the hd 580's "they lasted about 4 years of daily use"I was a bit weary of buying a pair of headphones over $400, but when I stopped and thought about how much I actually use headphones, I thought it would be a good investment.If you are looking for daily computer headphones and listen to music in loss-less format. GET THESE HEADPHONES.I would highly recommend picking up the Asus Xonar Essence STX amp sound card ($199)  these Sennheiser need power to push (I'm not talking about getting them louder i'm talking power to resonate the highs and lows)Once you go Sennheiser, you never go back.
Sennheiser HD 650 HeadphonesAfter having owned the HD 555 for 2 years, I decided it was time to upgrade. I settled on the HD 650,I was a little worried at first wondering if there could be that much of an improvement over my HD 555, well I didn't have to worry the difference was huge. The sound of the HD 650's right,from the box is fantastic.Bass is punchy and tight, Mids and highs are buttery and smooth. They sound great all around. the fit and finish on these headphones is wonderful. I bought mine refurbished for $310 and they were definitly  worth the price, even at full retail I could easily recommend these for anyone who enjoys music, For me at least, I have found my headphone Nirvana. So buy with confindance . You cant go wrong. if the high price of these should scare u off,I can also recommend the  HD 558's,as I was never dissatisfied with the sound of my old headphones.
This headset is the opposite of a Dr Dree's headset: not to bassy, just the real flat sound your ears deserve. I'm a music composer and producer. I needed a headset for mixing down tracks on my laptop when I'm traveling. This headset was highly recommended by a fellow music composer. I'm glad I bought it.
The imaging, soundstage, resolution are excellent but definitely laid back. Not recommended for pop/rock 'cause I felt the "energy drain" BUT...excellent for slow vocal/jazz, warm musics. About the "veil", it can work for or against you, depends on your taste. If you hate the sound signature of Grado RS1 as much as I do than you would love this can.
My setup:Flac > Musical Fidelity V-DAC > Schiit Valhalla > HD650I've had these for over a year and a half now, and I'm absolutely loving them. I'd say the HD650s have deep, powerful bass; very rich and luscious mids; and treble that is not too bright or harsh, slightly laid back. These are perfect for those who are really into acoustic and/or vocal-centric music. I'm really into jazz and singer/songwriter genres, so these headphones are perfect for me.
I love music and high quality audio equipment and have gone through many sets of headphones over the years (bose, bang and olufsen, sol republic, b&w;) and these are by far the best. The sound is clear, open, and dynamic. Whether listening to MP3s, or high-definition audio formats (FLAC, lossless), these headphones will make your music sound great with little to no listening fatigue. You will not regret this purchase!
Best cans I have ever heard, make my music listening experience wonderful. I enjoy with all genres. Some bash these with classical but my set up is great making the music come alive. Only bad thing is you need a sub, I use Fiio F7 DAC. Although that is standard on cans of this caliber.Comfort: 10/10Sound: 10/10Price: 8/10 (You know they are taking you to the bank a little, but it is worth it.)Durability: 10/10 (Seems very solid, great warranty, worried about ear cloths getting dirty though)They are not portable due to open design, and the carry box they come with is huge. So if you are on the move, not useful.
i ordered this awesome headphone together with beyerdynamic A1 amplifier. and they turned out to be a fantastic duo for me.the sound quality is unquestionably worth its price( amazon's price is half of that on their official site!!!). the only imperfect aspect of HD650 is probably the a bit too strong clamping force if the headband, making my head hurt after an hour or two of listening. really recommend HD650 to beginner hifi fans
These headphones are quite possibly the most fantastic sounding bit of kit you can buy. I don't just listen to music, I engineer it - which means I'm listening twice as hard as most people. It's my job to hear the flaws, imperfections, equipment issues, techniques used, sound stage - all of it. And the 650's reproduce the music faithfully enough to allow me to hear it all. If you want the best, this is probably as good as it gets in this price range.
I won't gush too much because it's already been done here and elsewhere on the 'net, however I will say the HD 650s really deliver on nuance, and they are lush, layered, musical, and bring a new level of emotion to music.  These are audiophile adjectives that I used to think were a bit pretentious but are truly the best way to describe the HD 650s.  They are uncanny in their ability to spatially separate instruments and sounds.Indeed they are laid back and perhaps "veiled" as some say, but it's a good thing and you're not losing any detail.  For maximum enjoyment listen in a very quiet environment and use high quality source material and a good amp.Cheers.
A brief history of headphone usage; I grew up with your standard white plastic in-ear headphones, which make me cringe nowadays. When I got a bit older I wanted more bass, so I traded them in forKoss SPARKPLUG, which turned out to be almost *all* bass, and they were very uncomfortable, not mention hard to keep clean. I read a lot of good things aboutKoss PortaPro, and they are indeed the best *budget* headphones (for mp3 players or the like) I've ever heard, but the cable was very short, and it wasn't the type of headphones for serious (and critical) listening. I bought theSennheiser RS-180for movies and games (late night listening), and while they did perform very well, especially as far as wireless headphones go, they just lack that natural musicality; good sound, but nothing that'll make your hairs stand on end.Edit: I've had to reassess my entire review, and I've discovered a few crucial steps to enjoying the 650's with the Icon HDP:- Maintain a good auricular hygiene (ie; clean your ears often and carefully with an ear cleanout bulb). (Hopefully you already do, just saying).- Connect the Icon HDP to one of the faster USB-ports at the back of your computer. If you have music on an external source, use a fast port for that as well.- Very important! When your computer's detected the HDP, go to Sound settings on the Control Panel. Click on the HDP and Properties. On the Enhancements tab, disable all of them. On the Advanced tab, open the drop-down menu and pick the bottom option (best one). Accept the changes.- Connect the HD650's. Turn the volume knob to about "10 o'clock" (assuming you have all the Windows/iTunes volume controls to maximum). "11" is about as loud as you could ever want.- Now you're ready to open the music program of your choice, I mainly use iTunes (with EQ's, more on that below). Play a song (I'd recommend 320kbps mp3s at the absolute least). Enjoy. (If it "acts up" it's with no sound, you opened it too soon. Close it, reboot if needed, restart it. If it's very slow (a second or two between each song), check your song source; if it's external, is it on a fast USB-port?)I was sorely mistaken, let me make that clear. Don't use the HD650's with any source other than a good headphone amp, and if you have the Icon HDP, follow the steps above. A few incorrect settings is the difference between night and day soundwise. I've also had a bit of play time (or "burn in"-time) with them now, but I doubt that's really relevant; chances are you won't listen to them once and then give up, it's more likely you'll be glued to your seat for just one more song.There is a revelation, a "wow"-moment that I'd been missing out on. It's all here now, and it sounds truly wonderful. I listen to a lot of rock and metal, and beyond the incredibly sharp tapping of cymbals or gunfire-tactile drums, metal that's "epic" becomes grander and even more epic. Between each snapping rimshot, there's absolute silence (if intended). The vocalist screams right in your face, and you can pick up any use of doubled vocals; even if they're both growling or screaming. The stereo seperation's so good that when the drummer does a little "roll", it travels around your head, and all this without ever losing the melody or bass; but let's be clear on this: it all depends on how it's been recorded and mixed. If you're listening to a black metal garage band, chances are you won't be hearing much of a "soundstage", but it'll still sound about as good as it possibly could (just remember that you're only as good as your source; a high quality mp3 may sound very good, but lossless files are recommended). In many songs, even while the band is shredding away, you'll be able to clearly pick up and follow the sound of reverberating guitar (if it's there). In Arch Enemy's"Savage Messiah", that's just the case; a sustained guitar note wallows sadly in the background, and is later replaced by the haunting melody of a keyboard. In Paramore's"Misery Business", there's the feedback of a sustained guitar under the melody, to kind of ground the overly racious tune. Wonderful. So if you're a metalhead like me, there is a lot to be gained from the HD650's, sure, but not nearly as much as in other genres; you won't lose out on the "wall of sound" though, and now it's more like a fortress. The overall first impression is that you'll really come to appreciate the drumwork more than ever before, but there are a few gems hidden among the guitars, bass and vocals too. Oh, and if you're a fan of folk metal, i.e Eluveitie, you're in for an enormous treat. Wow.Classic rock benefits from the same points as noted above, but depending on who you are, you may be devastated or delighted to hear the "seams"; it's even clearer here what the limitations of musicians and time period were."Immigrant Song"is almost too basic; the galloping drums and rhythmic strumming chugging on, but Plant's voice, the echo of guitar strings and thick clear bass all but make up for it. It's especially fun to hear John Paul Jones climb the bass strings like a kid on the pre-chorus, and Plant's eerie "whoo-ooh" leading the song to conclusion."Stairway To Heaven"is and always has been from another world, a world where the gnomes and elves of the forest come together to rock you into submission. The acoustic and electric guitar dance around like newlyweds, but I was disappointed to hear more than one little crackle - beauty has its own price, and it's probably a fault attributed to the original recording. It can kind of ruin the illusion of a legendary tune (and yet the alternative's become too horrid to imagine).Acoustics are hard to put into words, definitely one of the highlights of listening. Whether it's Johnny Cash's somber plucking on"Hurt"enveloping you instantly, so present it sends chill down your spine, or a more ethereal experience likeInto The Wildby Eddie Vedder, the only word to describe it is magical. I know it's a clich, but I'm always surprised when you hear the vocalist spread his lips and clear saliva away or do a quick inhale before singing; and across most genres of music, you'll finally be able to hear the lyrics clearly. On "Ain't No Sunshine", Bill Withers holds the tempo down by tapping his foot softly, something so obvious I'd never paid attention to it before now. You almost get the feeling you've violated these artists by stepping into their world; like you're embarrassed to hear their every touch, strum and pluck to a fault. On"I Feel Fine", there's someone kicking off the proceedings while breathing in shallow little gasps, almost in tune with the song.I can't give an assessment on classical music; although I have some Wagner and Karajan conducting the Beethoven symphonies, for me they're a layman's little touch of class, a kid's attempt at fancy. I also have yet to really listen to them.How about pop and dance music? As I suspected, pop music sounds about as wonderful as ever (being that it's often about grabbing your attention or tugging at the heartstrings). Alanis Morisette beautifully balances heart and tempo on "Flavors Of Entanglement"; from the huge rasping beats of "Straitjacket", the soft piano on "Not As We" or the playful bassline on "Giggling Again For No Reason", you never lose sight of the most important tool; her voice. Light and smooth, she's right on center stage, only to occasionally jump out and grab you with ethereal trickery; this wordless musical breathing is also common with Enya and Sissel Kyrkjeb. For two notable examples, sure to make your hairs stand on end and plaster your face with a permanent grin, have a go at Sissel's "Lr Meg A Kjenne" and Michael Jackson's "(I Like) The Way You Love Me". Enya's "Anron (I Desire)" from The Fellowship of the Ring has to be one of the most beautiful pieces of music I've ever heard in my life, simple as that. If you find that stuff a bit dry and boring though, you can always find comfort from Lady Gaga. It's appropriate that one of the first songs that jumped out and transformed is called "Speechless". On Born This Way, she truly gets to sing, and you truly get to enjoy it; "Hair" showcases Stefani's entire bag of tricks; her gorgeous and powerful voice, her insanely addictive melodies and the enormity of her dance/rock soundscape. But don't miss out on the rest of the album either; "Government Hooker" is a great example of the production, how the bassline is deliberately sharp, attacking you and disarming you all at once. Michael Jackson's decade-old Special Editions are a must; everybody knows his fantastic voice, but now you can finally come to appreciate how well these songs were played and put together; the omnipresent keyboards, percussion and strings. I got one delightful surprise in "Black Or White", when you've heard it about half a million times on tinny little radios and cheap stereos, you can't appreciate how enormous the song really is, with a solo guitar that grabs you by the throat.Electronic music benefits from the same effects as metal; if you're into dubstep, it's an aural assault on the senses, in a good way (perhaps electronics tend to sound a little too good though, robbing them slightly of their uniquely rebellious sound). And when you combine the two, i.e Korn's The Path Of Totality, you've reached heavy music fan nirvana.To clarify and summarize; I use the EQ settings in iTunes, because I want to get the emotional experience first and foremost. It's about enjoyment, entertainment and pleasure, I'm not a studio engineer, nor do I like listening to robots. Using EQ shifts the focus and can provide you with the icing on the cake; for rock music, the "Rock" setting is a given, punching up the bass and commencing attack mode. For softer pop songs and guitars, "Acoustic" brings out the lighter more ethereal tones, but stay away from the flattening abomination called "Pop"; if you want a fun punchy pop song, I'd recommend "R&B;", it may be a bit on the smooth side bass-wise, but it does the job well. It's strictly preference though; playing around with them can be great fun and very revelatory; it's your music, you should never be afraid to customize!And I've never heard AKG headphones, or Music Streamer DACs, or any other combinations for that matter. I do not doubt that they sound fantastic as well; it's simply up to preference. But I can tell you that I have never heard anything like this musically in my entire life. Now to dive into the sea of music and swim.
I was a little hesitant to pick these up reading the reviews of audiophiles who mention the amount of amplification and possible extra equipment that may be needed to enjoy these cans.Although chilling out with a glass of wine and enjoying some pre-recorded music is an amazing treat, I primarily wanted reference headphones for my home studio.  And what I will say is that these are perfect for this purpose.  If you have an audio interface for recording you have enough power to drive these things.  Way more than enough.  I want to stress that point because many of the reviews here are not written from the perspective of the recording engineer, and of the avid listener.  But once you have these things and crank some music through them for a couple of days (the break in period which does make a difference) you will be able to make all those fine tuning mix adjustments you were afraid to do with closed back headphones.  Are your guitars balanced?  How is the panning on the kit?  Are the vox too bright?  You now have a great pair of reference headphones to make those decisions.  And although I primarily record metal, I just need to say that Steely Dan though these things are an amazing treat.
I'm no audiophile, but I listen to music anywhere between 4 and 12 hours a day and have for the past 15 years, so I take music seriously enough to not take it too seriously...Over the years I've upgraded to phones in the $50 range, then $100 range, then to Sennheiser HD595's in the past few years. I've been contemplating these since I bought the 595's, but the cost was too prohibitive at the time. I finally was able to purchase these at a sub-$400 price and am glad I finally have them.First off, even without any warm-in period, I hear a noticeable difference over the 595's. There is a crispness and overall fuller sound, granted I have them plugged into a headphone amp via the optical out on my computer (Asus Xonar Essence STX card). Most of my music is 320k mp3 - For the most part, I find little difference in what I listen to between FLAC and 320k mp3 format, so have saved my self the space. These phones bring new life into my mp3's.They are a little tight fitting compared to any of the other phones I've used, but as some reviews have said, they loosen up a bit over time. The cable is plenty long enough and replace/upgradeable if the desire ever came. The overall appearance of them is modern and sleek, though they are a mostly plastic design, some of the lacquer paint seems a bit cheap for a phone in this price range.Overall, I'm happy I finally made this purchase and can't wait to see how these sound in a few months time after being nicely worn in.
I won't repeat the reviews about the fantastic sound quality, but after nearly three years and hundreds of hours of use, it's time to report on some unacceptable flaws at this price range.- First of all is the very uncomfortable pinch of the ears, which has become less of a problem after the first year, but is still very present even now. The phones do not envelop the ear, they are pressed strongly against it, and it rather hurts at the beginning, even through the pads.- The bridge slips back and forth on the top of the head, there is not one good position that stays fixed if you move a little around.- The cord is very good and sturdy most of the length, but becomes very thin after the split between the two ears.- This is especially bad at the point of contact with the connector: The connector is strongly inserted into the headphone and when the cord is pulled, the connector won't pull out but instead, the wires inside the cord will break from the constant pushing and pulling that the cord endures during its lifetime. I see other Amazon users experienced the same problem multiple times on Sennheiser stock cables. The connector should envelop the cord more rigidly and progressively along a centimeter or two more, so the cord cannot be pushed and pulled at a 90 angle, which breaks the wires inside the cord.- Not too happy about the price that went from $500 to $350 either, this was clearly a rip-off then and probably still is now.
In an internet full of audiophile pontificating, rants, raves, and snake oil, the Sennheiser HD 650s are the real deal.Like most people considering dropping this much money on headphones, I read and researched until my head hurt.Unable to find a local dealer who stocked this model and would let me try a pair out before purchasing, I decided to take a risk and order them sight unseen (a practice I do my best to avoid and which I would not recommend).Fortunately, I have rarely been happier with an audio purchase.Comfortable and capable, the Senns are a joy to use.I find myself trying to sneak in a quick listening session on my lunch break or whenever I have a few spare moments... they are that good.With them, I hear things in recordings that I never knew were present, and I dig the slightly warm, mellifluous sound signature of these cans. Bass is profound without being annoying or artificially exaggerated. I would call them perfectly natural and entrancing. I had no idea headphones could sound this good or be this comfortable. (Be aware that they will probably seem quite tight at first, but this clamping effect lessens with use.)If all the talk of needing to spend thousands of dollars on a dedicated headphone amp for these cans in order to part the dreaded "Sennheiser veil" has you spooked, don't be. They aren't as hard to drive as some would have you believe, and there is no "veil."They WILL definitely benefit from good amplification, though (and you will not realize their full potential if you try to use them directly from an iPod). I have found they sound marvelous with vintage Marantz receivers that can be obtained inexpensively, as well as from modern dedicated headphone amps. (I am using a Cayin HA-1A with them with great results). If you are using an iPod as a source with your headphone amp, you will want to make your files lossless to get the most enjoyment out of these cans, as they will definitely reveal the flaws in poor recordings or low bit-rate files.While these cans might seem expensive at first blush, they are actually a rare audiophile bargain: they will not only give you years of enjoyment, but they will also hold their value.Shop around: they can be found for significantly below retail price. If you can find them for a great price, you can use them for years and still get most of your money back should you ever decide to sell them.  (Just be sure to buy from an authorized dealer or your warranty will not be valid.)I wish I'd taken the plunge on these cans years ago: all that time spent listening to mediocre $100 headphones that never really satisfied seems like a waste in retrospect.If you love music, get these headphones.
My previous experience with headphones was limited to lower end ear buds and Sennheisers (PX100).  I wanted something a little more substantial so bought a Beyerdynamic DT990.  The DT990, while providing tons of detail up high with a great punch down low, was way too shrill in the upper registers for my tastes, even with some burnin.  It left my ears ringing at the end of a listening session.Then, the most magical set of phones this side of a grand arrived.  The Sennheiser HD650.  This is nothing like the DT990.  The sound is smooth as silk and more laid back.  There's still tons of detail (though a bit more curtailed than the Beyer) and most importantly I can listen to it for hours with no strain and no ringing in my ears.  This is the headphone you use to relax after a long day of work while still being able to enjoy the fine details in your favorite song.Coupled with the ASUS Xonar STX headphone amp audio card - which is a PHENOMENAL combo - I haven't had this much joy listening to music in a long long while.Pros:Smooth, soothing sound quality while still retaining great amount of detail.  These headphones will melt your stress away.  Replacable, removable cord.Cons:Headband a little on the tight side (Beyers win in the comfort department) but a little bending of the metal (not plastic) portion of the phones improves comfort.  There's a lot of plastic in the phones, which may affect long term reliability - so far, it feels plenty sturdy though.  Beyers win in the appearance department.Bottom line:These phones produce a smooth sound with no harsh/shrill bite.  While you may want some bite in genres such as Rock, these win handsdown compared to brighter phones like the DT990 for my collection of music and movies.
I was fortunate enough to pick these up lightly used from a friend, with the Cardas Cable, and I will say, they are the best sounding pair of anything I have owned, I simply hear things I didn't even know were there before, its simply amazing. From a looks point of view, they lack, in other words, they look like a 200 dollar set of headphones, not a 500 dollar set, however they are built like a 500 dollar pair of headphones, and I find after a half hour with them on, I stop noticing they are there. I do not believe one needs a headphone amp to drive them, however to really experience them fully one does need some sort of amplification, an iPod for example drives it very poorly as the impedance mismatch very large (300 Ohms, vs the rated 32 ohms)  and also, the drivers in them are quite large, so some sort of amplification is recommended, I use an NAD 7140, and it sounds lovely.Edited Jun/4/12I have owned these for a bit over a year now, and I love them even more, they really do need an amp to drive them, and as much as I thought it was made of cow patties, they really do open up over time, and perform better with more time running. I would recommend it to anyone who need good cans, and can afford it.
I must say that this is a very impressive product. I came in with the idea of just getting a good set of headphones and they surpassed my expectations by a mile. I suggest that if you love to listen to your music in private or in a crowd go with the HD650's. Top notch on every level quality, look and of course the sound. From the moment I put them I had a childish grin on my face. A must buy.
I just got these headphone today and I can already hear the difference from the one I was using for the last 5 years(Bayerdynamic DT990). From what I read from other reviewers that these cans will open up after breaking them in for about a month or so. I am very excited about this and cannot wait till the day it happens. For audiophiles like me the only thing that is missing is the Cardas aftermarket cable ($220 for 10ft) with the package. Personally, the Cardas cable will make a significant mid and high frequency output difference than the stock cable and you should invest the money on purchasing this together or immediately after purchasing this headphone. As for my fortune my co-worker has the same headphones for his studio and I was given the chance to listen with it before purchasing it. Otherwise, there is not much to say than what has already been posted by other reviewers.
These headphones are awesome and will last forever. I've had a pair of HD600's for 10 years and they're still great. I gave them to my girlfriend so I would have an excuse to get the 650's. They sound great and very are comfortable, which is important because I wear them 7-8 hrs a day at work.
First, I love music.  Well, most all music - not a big fan of gangsta anything, rap or country (except Patsy Cline and George Strait)The music library I have built through the years spans multiple genres (excepting the above noted!)About 5 years ago, I bought a pair of Sennheiser HD590s.  The first song I listened to through my new toy was Sister Sweetly by Big Head Todd and the Monsters.  My jaw hit the floor!  The sound was so crisp, and separated; the bass punched and the midrange was RIGHT THERE, and high end was alive.I spent the following few months buying CDs of my favorite old albums I'd listened to as a kid.  Slowly, the CD collection grew and the Sennheiser 590s seemed to improve.When I bought the HD590s on the He-dRo-m website, I spied the HD650s, but did not have that kind of cash.  That website rates the 650s as the best cans available, anywhere, for that price range.  The reviewers lay down a trail of praise as wide as Mama Cass' bootie.  I had to have these headphones!Well, I bought the Sennheiser HD650s on Amazon a few weeks ago (at an AMAZING price), and bought a HeadRoom Portable Micro headphone amp to drive them.  I listen to an ipod.After some time listening to the HD650s, I am returning them.The sound is, well, beautiful yet lacking...  A wide "aural picture", with a lack of bass punchiness, midrange fullness, and highs that I can't get my ears around.Every sound is present - front and center.  The separation and  distinction of all fequencies is beautiful - I have never heard anything like it.  But, the music...lacks...emotion.It is as if a professor is at the front of class describing in clinical detail a "first kiss".  He describes everything that is felt, in excruciatingly accurate detail - her eyes, her hair, the smell, the breeze blowing past, the birds in the trees, the feel of her lips - etc., yet, it...lacks...emotion.  Even though he nails it!Over the past few weeks, I have performed multiple "tests" comparing the HD650s to the HD590s - through the new HeadRoom Portable Micro Amp, which has plenty of power to drive the big 650 cans.Clasical, Pop, Rock.  The 590s have been "matured" through years of use, so they produce more responsiveness, and tactile punch of bass - The 590s have the sound that I like.Please try to understand the following:  I spent 3 weeks trying to sell myself on the 650s - the published reviews are so high, I have wanted these for so many years, they look amazing, the build quality is awesome, they are comfortable on my head.  The sound just lacks emotion for me.  They reproduce the music flawlessly, but - they don't pull me into the music - I feel like a bystander to the performance, even though I am in the front row.After reading many reviews of headphones after the past few months - I have come to the conclusion that we all have a certain "aural picture" which works best for each of us.  The comparison between the 650s and 590s has made this clear to me.  I am looking for a pair of headphones right in between these - the sound separation and distinctness of the 650s, the bass and presence of the 590s.Does anyone make such a set of headphones?  I don't know, but I will find them!A few years later, I have received some responses - thanks.  Actually bought the Sennheiser HD 600s - they are great.I have changed the review from 2 stars to 4 stars - personally love Sennheiser head phones  - just not the 650s - get people off my back - Live Long and Prosper
I just got mine yesterday and I've been listeing to them via a NAD T163 Preamp/processor connected to my laptop with FLAC audio and other lossless formats. These are the best headphones I've ever had I can never see my self getting rid of them. They are well worth what they cost. I'd def recommend them to anyone who appreciates listening to music.
I recently purchased these on Amazon for $339 thru Pro Audio Express. They were delivered in 2 days and were in perfect brand new condition! When I put them on I noticed that it almost felt like putting a clamp on my head but it was also a feeling of quality design. I previously had a pair of HD570's that were incredibly comfortable; my son has inherited these. The sound difference betweek these is quite remarkable.  I have listened to them on my laptop and also on my new Pioneer Elite SC-27 receiver so I can echo the comments about being sure you give these an adequate power level to do them justice. I will say that even on my computer they sounded pretty nice but some of the musice would sound kind of muddled as their just wasn't enough juice. I spent the better part of a weekend reading every review I could find on these and it seemed that the only people who complained about them were people who were professional sound engineers or people that didn't give them enough power. If you have a decent home theatre system and you are looking for headphones(my wife often requests that I "put on the headphones") I highly recommend these. Depending on your financial well being these are worth every dime for the quality of the listening experience they provide.
Bought these about a year ago, so they're well worn in. Something I've noticed is that the sensitivity and articulation seems to increase over time. I'm sure it'll level off soon.The burn-in rumors are true: you must with these. They open up after around 100 hours of full-spectrum use. And, boy, do they ever OPEN UP.Sennheiser has truly outdone themselves with these superb headphones.If you're thinking about buying these, stop thinking about it, and buy them! You won't be disappointed. Products of this quality come along once in a blue moon--fact is, Sennheiser did their homework, and they got it right.
I had bad experience with Sennheiser's HD555, which is over priced for the sound quality, so I was a little bit concerned with the higher end HD650. I am a big fan of Grado and AKG 701, but HD650 is not disappointing at all. It is very different in sound signature (darker, warmer) with strong bass and lower mid-range, while it doesn't lose treble much as HD555 does. It did sound very like inside a concert hall when I was watching Josh Groban's performance.Due to its high impedance and lower sensitivity, HD650 may require very strong amplifier to deliver higher level sound. My beloved Sansa Fuze could not drive it to high level, and some of the other computers I tried could not either. On the other hand, the high end Dell laptop my wife uses had no problem with HD650 at all.Highly recommend if you want to enjoy music and when you do have a good source to drive these headphones. Personally I would consider AKG 701 for their lower price and neutral sound, and Grado phones for their easiness in driving capability and fun sound signature as well. None of these provide sound isolation and none of these look very fashionable to match with your Apple or Sony gadgets. So these phones may not be suitable for you if you care more about the look than sound.
These cans are amazing! They caused me to re-listen to my entire music collection just to see what i was missing. I am now picking out little details about sound that i thought i was good on before. Just read the other reviews. I was prepared to spend a lot of a new set of headphones, and this was totally worth it. 2nd best purchase of the year (next to an SSD for my pc)
Oh man, by all means if you have the cash do not hesitate picking a pair of these up!  However, be aware, to really make these babies sing you need an headphone amplifier.  They will work without one; however, the sound is no where near the quality with an amp on the back-end pushing some power into these babies.  Also, when you first get these they may not sound completely clean (maybe a bit muffled).  Do not be alarmed, after a week or two of good listening time these things really break-in and it's all cream cheese from there - sweetness.  Again, if you don't have any  issues dropping $400 for these cans plus an amp, go for it...these are the BEST headphones on the market today!  Another reviewer said it best...the Germans did it again!  Cheers, Sennheiser!
They are first class cans. Pros: they provide a round, balanced sound with exceptional bass. Extremely comfortable. Cons: the sound is too round, that means they lack a bit of detail in the top spectrum and the soundstage is not very open or precise. They reproduce very well pop/rock as well as jazz piano trios. Excellent reproduction of piano and drums as well. For classical music I prefer AKGs 701 because of their unsurpassed soundstage and the impressive rendition of detail. The AKGs are not very strong on drums and piano, though. So I ended buying both (this option would be too expensive for speakers of this quality). I use AKGs for some recordings and the 650s for other recordings.
Don't get me wrong, these are excellent sounding headphones. They have good soundstage, very musical and warm sounding like you're in a concert hall. Only thing is I wish it had a bit tighter bass. I've had them for over a year now (bought these babies over eBay, its cheaper). BUT, they are extremely PICKY. Over the year i've spent big $ upgrading the cable, purchasing a number of amps just to get rid of that nasty veil. All along thinking that my amps weren't giving it enough power, but I was wrong. It was my source all along. These headphones will not sound good when you play mp3s though them. They will sound bloated, muddy, and veiled. I learned that the hard way. Well except for some, they sound decent. Most of my music collection is mp3. Most VBR or at least 192 kbps. But if you want to hear the best from these headphones expect to play only actual CD, vinyl, wav, flac, alac, or other lossless codec. Also I recommend a good DAC and headphone amplifier. So expect to spend at least 1k on your equipment to bring out the best of these headphones. Yeah, they are pretty cheap in comparison and a good value  but they come with a price!!!edit 9/27/08: mp3s actually do sound decent to good through these headphones but that will all depend on your DAC. a high quality DAC is HIGHLY recommended. none of those cheap $200 DACs. those will not cut it. get a good one and you will be rewarded. i recommend getting an Oritek modded zhaolu. those make CDs sound very close to vinyl. it's world class and no more of that digital harshness.but of course, you can always get some Grados, those make anything sound good. even straight through an ipod. :)oh yeah, and don't forget to upgrade the stock cable. it's crap. get the zu cable or the cardas. i had the cardas first and then i upgraded to the zu's. and i kept the zu's because they help bring out the highs more.
I've owed these headphones for 1+ years and use them everyday for most of my listening....CD, DVD, TV, vinyl, etc.  OK, I'm a headphone guy.  I have a fairly high end CD player and headphone amp from Musical Fidelity.  The break-in period is extensive so, anyone writing a review before using the phones for less than 100 hours is probably too early.  I like all types of music.From the view of a layperson, I find the 650's a great fit to my listening preferences.  The 650's produce a warm, balanced sound (for my ears) that is pleasant to listen to for extended periods without fatigue.  Some may find them a bit heavy on the low end but it's hard to say because of the wide varity of recording styles and sources.  The Cardas cable upgrade (pricey) tends to re-balance the sound by reducing the bass a bit.  Others have strongly suggested a headphone amp to drive the 650's; I've never used them without one for comparison.The headphones are comfortable but heavy compared to the lower end models.  Workmanship quality is excellent.Shop around for price.
I have owned the HD650, HD600, AKG K701 for almost a year now. I have heard them being plugged into a soundblaster to a $3000 headphone amp... sources like the Benchmark DAC1.  I have heard them with the OEM single ended cable to Equinox XLR balanced.  I've even had the opportunity to build my own components: Opus dual mono DAC, AMB mini^3, Tangent PPAv2, AMB Beta22 during this adventure.  The HD650 and 600 are my favorite.  I preferred one over the other depending on the upstream equipment.  They say the 650 are the most "scalable" cans out there - i strongly agree that they're sensitive to component changes.From an [audiophile] perspective, price is irrelevant.  They are Cheap being a flagship model: check price of Edition9s, GS1000, AD2000.  Construction wise, they are solid.  If you want something that can survive being run over by a truck, get Beyers.  The cables are interchangeable & upgradeable.  The headband will snap if you try to bend it (bend metal to adjust clamp...duh)  Otherwise they are comfortable enough to keep on my head for hours.The HD650 has awesome bass for an open can (could be a little tighter), it is not bloated and extends very deep when given balanced amplification.  The 600 has better bass by a small margin.  The HD650 has very extended highs, but is polite in this area (cymbals in some recordings exhibit this).  It's difficult to make 650 sibilant (harsh S), but possible - tolerable even when it does.  The 650 has above average headstage wider>deeper (a compromise to make it work with a larger range of music).  It's very good at portraying details like ambiance and the recording area.  Overall, the HD650 have an inherent flavor or coloring whatever you want to call it - they are very WARM sounding cans and a little laid back.  Relative to other cans i have heard, 650 are actually close to neutral in terms of tonality.  It's impossible for a headphone to do everything right.  I think this is a very good shot at it.The easiest way i can put this is that you should have the minimum decent equipment (generally not suited for portable use) otherwise the HD650 may sound bloated, veiled, non-energetic like the critics say. They still sound better than mid-fi headphones unless you try to run them straight out of a non-SQ oriented PMP (or anything non-SQ oriented for that matter).  When the HD650 are fully balanced $$$, they shine.  If you don't want to invest in those things, get the HD600 (much more forgiving) or other headphones because these aren't for you.  For most people, i would recommend the HD600.  Your ears may vary.
I recently got these headphones from Amazon Market place at about 50% of retail. Was a very tough choice buying headphones online and only relying on reveiws posted by others and other websites like cnet.Choices were HD600, HD650, AKG K701, Grado SR325i. Also considered some by Denon. HD650 fit all my requirements.Sound was important but not at the cost of Comfort and durability. These fit your whole ear very comfortably. Durability has be be seen.I like the open air design because I have a 5 year old daughter, this way I am aware of what's happening outside also. Leaking noise is no problem as the only place I will be using these will be in our media room.Others had stated that the sound from these is laid back. Took me a while to research and find out what they meant, and how the sound from Grado is different then these.Works perfectly for me. I am in my forties and appreciate music seated in row 5 than in the front row or right in the middle of the concert. I have not tried Grado and one day might buy them and might like their sound better.I own HD555 but miss the Bass. I have a set by Denon, which has good bass but too tight and not as clear as these. NO WAY AS CLEAR AS THE HD650. These just sound wonderful. Can't wait and see how they are after about 50-100 hours of break in.Cardas cables: Maybe after about a year when I want to take my listening level up a notch.Right now these are plugged into my Harmon Kardon AVR 525.
I just got these headphones.  They are the best I've ever heard.  Everything is true natural sounding with great BASS and Treble and frequency range.  Finally, my search for the ultimate Cans is over.Played "Aja" Steely Dan regular CD and it never sounded better. Very comfortable wearing these headphones.
My review is based on just one day of listening but I've no doubt it only gets better from here.  I use my HD-650's with my iPod.  Before you jump off the edge about this, let me qualify by saying that to run these phones with iPod you MUST invest in a good quality headphone amp, which I did.  Don't let anyone tell you that mp3 sound is 'questionable'.  Certainly not from this perspective.  With the HD-650's I hear things I never heard before on songs I've listened to for years.  I've transferred my CD's to iTunes and with the HD-650's I hear them as never before.  I know $500 seems criminal to charge for headphones, but you can get them cheaper if you shop around and it's worth the time and energy.  I've tried all types of headphones, on-hear phones, in-ear phones, ear buds, etc. and I keep coming back to Sennheiser.  I'll never leave them again!
If you want a high end product reasonably priced... that's it! I would not say that there are no better headphones in the market, yes i have tested some fine headphones they left me realy astonished. STAX electrostatic, Grado, Jeclin Float, to name some. Yes! if you are ready to pay 5 to 10 times the price of these fine headphones you will probably get something exraordinary, but the HD650 are so good that the distance from the perfection wanted, is so small.. and the deference of the price so big...it's up to you to decide. Myself i am very happy with the HD650
I agree with a prior review where it was stated that "these headphones are great, but no religious experience."But dag they do sound nice. Very mellow, very smooth. You will listen to music on the top volume because they are really smooth. Unfortunately your music might start to sound a little sleepy. I like the beyer 880 esp if you have EQ control because they are much comfier, look cooler, and are lighter.They both are awsome though. Go with the beyers however for price and the reasons I mentioned.
Pro audio descriptions are loaded with hyperbole. I have been struggling for 3 decades to record choirs and orchestras, and want to hear natural, full, clear sound that I can picture with my eyes closed. The HD650s do just that. If you want to hear everything and enjoy what you hear, buy these headphones.
After using these cans for several months I have mixed feelings about them. They are the first set of "open" type headphones I have purchased and while the sound and quality level is excelent, really truely excellent, I am disappointed that I can hear surrounding noises too easily. I am the type to purchase the best I can find and the reviews on these HD650's were convincing. But my next purchase will be the "closed" type because it's just a preference of mine.
Here's a quote from the Sennheiser HD650 owner's manual:  "With the HD650, Sennheiser has followed the changes in the listening habits of music-lovers and the way in which they experience sound.  In spite of all purism and the highest demands on precise sound reproduction, a slight change in listening behaviour is detectable.  Today many music-lovers want to feel the sound more instead of plainly analysing it."What they're admitting is that they have artificially flavored the HD650 with extra bass, beyond what is in any original recording.Please note that this doesn't make the HD650s a bad headphone.  They're not, they're great headphones, since they're related to the far less-colored HD600s and HD580's.But unless you're a bass-freak, you may want to steer clear of the HD650's.  The extra bass muddies up the midrange and treble.  I've owned the Stax Classic electrostats and have owned the 580s, the 580 Jubilees, and the 650s, and vastly prefer the value-laden 580s or else the 600s.This is one area where spending more money moves you backwards, not forwards.
These cans are comfortable, smooth, silky, laid-back, dark, easy on the ears, and easy both on older analog and early digital-glare ridden recordings.  Sure, they kind of fill in some slight gaps and muddy details and are not very neutral for this price range, but it is nice to have one pair of headphones that puts all of the details, good or bad, right in your face and another pair that will make even lesser recordings sound good.  Such a thing is the HD650.  I also have the AKG k701 which is big on detail, to the point that, especially with poor recordings, my ears get fatigued quickly.  Also, some music that's recorded well enough just sounds more flat and lifeless on the k701s, because the HD650s add that extra little bit of lusciousness, without excessive distortion.  With other audiophile headphones, many recordings will sound bad.  With the HD650s, almost all of them will still at least be listenable, even though the better recordings may sound better on other headphones like the k701.  Because of this, they are indispensable.  For those looking for detail, weather or not it will make some recordings nearly unbearable, try k701.
First of all, I recently discovered the joys of listening to Sennheiser's headphones. They have this sweet warmth to them that just can't be found in many headphones. Of course, there are other high end headphone/in ear monitor manufacturers out there such as Grado, Etymotic, Shure, and Ultimate Ears. But for headphones, though, Sennheiser is simply amazing. The HD650s, being Sennheiser's flagship headphone, must be incredible. Are they? One hundred percent YES! I listened to these at my audiophile friend's house with the Xcan v3 headphone amp, cardas cable upgrade, and tube buffer. I was dumbfounded. These babies produced such a succulent, sweet, and sexy sound. The highs, mids, and even the natural bass amazed me. They were designed to have a laid back sound for classical music. So, naturally, when I tested them, my friend put on some classical music. I thought that I was in heaven! After about 20 minutes or so when he removed them from my head, I felt a bit angry in a "Hey man, that's not cool" sort of way. They sound amazing amped up, but they also sound fine unamped. I am currently saving up to buy either the Sennheiser HD580s or the HD595s (I haven't decided yet). If you have the cash, go for it!
These are excellent headphones but understand that these are "open" headphones meaning they let outside sound in. For live recording they are totally unacceptable.  Headphones are comfortable and they sound fine, but if you're wanting to block outside noise, these are NOT the headphones for you.  For live recording (closed headphones) the best Sennheiser has to offer, I believe, is the much cheaper HD280s which aren't in the same league as these.  I'm disappointed Sennheiser doesn't have a "pro" closed headphone.
COMFORT: (Grade, B). The earcups are relatively deep, but not deep enough for ultimate comfort. Even after years of use, they don't let me forget that I have headphones on. On the other hand, the 650 feels much better than headphones with shallow cups that squash your ears (and make them sweat). The velour earpads can be replaced, which is good because they do wear down and attract dust. The ultra-soft, velvetlike velour is much better than pleather.BUILD QUALITY: (Grade A-). The interior of the padded bridge is made of a hard, flexible metal that won't be cracking or breaking any time soon. The plastic bridge will break if you stretch it too much, so if you want to make the 650 less tight adjust the flexible metal NOT the plastic. The phones are sturdy without being heavy. After dropping them hard three or four times, they finally did require repairing, though. (One of the drivers got dislodged.) Still, these are very sturdy phones and don't feel cheap.SOUND: (Grade, A-) Does the 650 have a "dark veil," as is often claimed? The 650 user's guide says: "In spite of all purism and the highest demands on precise sound reproduction . . . [t]oday many music-lovers want to feel the sound more instead of plainly analyzing it. The HD now captivates your senses where you used to be a mere observer. It allows total submersion into an ocean of music." I take this to mean that the main difference between the 650 and its HD predecessor is that it favors balance over precision. Some music tends to sound too bright (i.e., bass-impoverished) on headphones, so maybe Sennheiser tried to balance things by reinforcing the low end. Some people claim there is no dark veil, but then why does Sennheiser say "in spite of all purism"? It seems to me that Sennheiser is admitting that the 650 isn't neutral. The sound signature is warm, slightly dark, silky-smooth, and very easy on the ears. (I can listen to them for hours with no hearing fatigue.) However, when I upgraded my headphone amplifier to the Lehmannaudio Black Cube Linear, the 650 did become less dark. On the best recordings I own (in terms of sonics, not performance),Lookin' for LoveandLive in Tokyo, there is a clarity that verges on the miraculous. Maybe the "there is no dark veil" crowd is right after all? And yet it sounds like the treble is rolled off, which is one of the reasons why the 650 is not ideal for classical in my opinion. It is almost always with classical music that I perceive the dark veil. In extreme cases, the dark warm sound turns into congested sound. As for the low frequencies: I find the bass satisfying, but it's not the deepest bass I've heard on headphones.TO AMP OR NOT TO AMP:  As long as you have a high-end home system with a good headphone jack (and a good recording), these phones sound pretty good. According to popular observation, however, the 650 should be "juiced up." So I got a headphone amp. Did it make a difference? Sure did. Amping enlivens, brightens, and tightens the sound. Originally, I used a Headroom Micro Amp, which was pretty good. However, eventually I upgraded to the Lehmann and it made a noticeable difference.WHAT SOUNDS GOOD ON THESE PHONES AND WHAT DOESN'T: These headphones can be finicky, but they are not altogether unforgiving. In general, however, the 650 sounds good OR bad depending on the quality of the recording, They are best judged on the basis of state-of-the-art recordings. You might listen to a favorite piece of music and be disappointed with it on the 650 (I know I was). You will be tempted to blame the headphones, but the fault will likely be in the recording. Pop and rock that has been well recorded sounds mindbogglingly good on the 650. Classical music lovers might want to take a look at the Sennheiser HD800. The latter's angled drivers create a better orchestral soundstage. Speaking of soundstage . . .SOUNDSTAGE: For symphonic music, the 650's soundstage is just too narrow in my opinion. It sounds like the orchestra is being pushed in from the sides. Upgrading my amp added a greater sense of depth (given the right recording you WILL get a 3-D soundstage), but not much was added in terms of horizontal space. Classical music doesn't envelope you on the 650 as it does with other headphones. A nice thing about the soundstage, though, is that somtimes instruments and voices sound like they are behind me, a nice effect when it happens. There is also no lack of vertical space.Another criticism of these phones is that they put you at a distance from the music, "a few rows back," but I find that it largely depends on the recording. For example, listening toLookin' for Love, Marlena Shaw's voice could hardly be closer. Very often, these headphones puts things right in the center of my head. But they are also good at placing instruments some distance away. It all depends on how the music was recorded.BREAK-IN TIME: What is this stuff about "burning the phones in"? Is there any truth to it? I asked somebody at the HeadRoom company, which deals specifically with headphones and headphone gear. He said yes, the diaphragm has to loosen up a little to sound its best. Lesson: don't judge the 650s overnight. Give them a little time.LEAKY: Thanks to the wide open grills, these are the leaky phones. They are not to be worn if you need to keep noise in or out.CARDAS CABLE: You can replace the factory cable that comes with the 650 (just pull out the old and plug in the new). I chose to upgrade to the Cardas. Is the difference between the stock and Cardas cables that huge? The Cardas brightens the sound and adds clarity, but it is more unwieldy than the factory cable, which is lighter and more supple, so if you move around a lot while listening to your headphones save yourself some money and stick with the stock cable. The Cardas always seems to be in my way when I move around. I keep stepping on it, and it has caused the phones to drop to the floor several times. I find contact noise not to be a problem, although another reviewer complained abou that. The Cardas is thick and gray. Its color-coded (black/red) wires make it lootk like something from workshop: unpretentious and functional. But if you don't mind the unwieldiness or barebonesness of the Cardas and don't expect to move around a lot, I do suggest ugrading because it brightens up the sound. (I have been told that it's just the placebo effect, but I find that hard to believe.)BOTTOM LINE: (Final Grade, A-). The 650 doesn't make me hate my speakers, but it's still an excellent choice for people who are serious about their music. To really hear what the 650 is capable of, be prepared to spend more on the amp than on the actual headphones. Depending on what I'm listening to, I find that sometimes these phones can be somewhat uninvolving and analytical. This is especially true when they are unamped (or improperly amped). Properly amped, however, they take on a speed and energy that makes them quite involving. Particularly considering their excellent price (compared to other high quality headphones), these are a great buy.WARNING: After mailing my headphones to Sennheiser for repair, I was called and told there was a problem because they were not purchased from an authorized dealer. I purchased them brand new here at Amazon from ELECTRONICA DIRECT, a seller often featured right on the product page. Sennheiser told me that I probably purchased stolen phones. Shoppers who want the warranty honored SHOULD NOT BUY FROM ELECTRONICA DIRECT or any unauthorized dealer. Verify that the seller you are buying from is recognized by Sennheiser. Sennheiser was finally kind enough to repair (actually they replaced) the phones after I complained up the chain, but it was a hassle.
I did much research on headphones and cables and headphone amps to drive them.I had to do all this on a small budget.I got the HD 650  and the Cardas cable upgrade 15' and took a giant leap and got the Creek 21se headphone amp and the Audioquest King Cobra RCA and hooked it up to the CA Azur 640c v1 CD player and replaced it's stock cord with the Audioquest NRG-2 power cord and removed it's black RF ferrite noise stopper.Also got the Monster SW200 surge protector with stage 1 clean power circuitry to plug the CD player and the amp in to.Also added three model 2 vibrapods for CD player.Next it takes quite a long time before I could reap the benifits of these combinations.In other words there is a break in period for most of these purchuses.After playing a CD for an extended period of time of about 80 hours I've reached what what everybodys been raving about; the ultimate nirvana.It's just miraculous the sound quality that comes though these set of headphones.You don't know what you missing just listening though  speakers.These headphones are far more engaging.It's worth noting that if you not able to make some of these sacrifices you should look at another headphone.It takes alot of power to drive these headphones and nothing short of an amp just won't do.When all is said and done it set me back about$1400.With this large investment I'm thrilled to have years of high quality headphone listening.Update:Four months later:Incredible,Extraordinary,Phenomenal.
As a lover of classical music I am a confirmed headphone listener. No set of speakers will offer the same amount of detail, most living rooms will add acoustic distortions, and many of us are not lucky enough to be able to play Mahler or Shostakovich at full power on a daily basis without getting into trouble with the neighbours.For years I have been very happy with the Sony CD1700, an excellent headphone which is my point of reference for evaluating the HD650. The rest of my hifi set-up consists of a Marantz cd7300 CD player, PM7200 amplifier, and Musical Fidelity X-Can v3 headphone amplifier (a mandatory commodity if you intend to spend serious money on a headphone like this one). Also, I invested in the Cardas replacement cable for the HD650.It is often said phones like this one need a 'break in' period. I used to regard this merely as snobbish audiophile technobabble - but found it to be actually true. Initially, I was less than pleased with the sound of the HD650, to put it mildly. Mid-range, mezzoforte strings (which make up a VERY large part of orchestral music!) sounded grey and weirdly disembodied. Stereo separation was exaggerated while the middle part of the soundstage seemed empty. Compared to the breezy, open sound of the Sony, the Sennheiser seemed compressed and less immediately involving.Things were not helped by the fact that the wearing comfort of these cans is markedly inferior to that of the Sony. The HD650 has fairly small shells that are not ideal if your ears aren't quite that small. Also, they are clamped against the head rather tightly, which is not entirely pleasant. The Sony, by contrast, simply lets you forget you are wearing it.But then, after about 50 hours of listening, things had changed rather much. Not with regard to the wearing comfort, obviously, though you do get used to the way the HD650 feels; - but soundwise. The sound had opened up completely; not only is it now as fresh and involving as that of the Sony, it is clearly superior. Everything is incredibly focused, tightly in place, resulting in a very clean sound picture. The bass is far superior to the Sony, and is noticeably warmer. Bass drum strokes or double bass pizzicati sound nothing short of sensational. Instrumental colours are marvellously defined throughout the orchestral ranges. The level of detail is quite simply stunning. I am not exagerrating when I say that I've heard new things in nearly every disc I played until now (in an old-time favourite, Bernstein's DG recording of Stravinsky's Les Noces, I was bowled over by the precision with which the four piano's, which had always sounded as a single instrument to me, were individually separated). Interestingly, a sense of underlying energy is retained even in the softest passages; I notice that with this headphone large scale symphonic works may sound completely satisfying even when played at fairly low volume.All in all, I am now extremely pleased with this acquisition. It is hard to imagine that headphone sound can be much better. Listening to a well-recorded disc (and beware! these cans will mercilessly reveal which discs aren't so well recorded) you can easily imagine yourself to be sitting in the concert hall.As a postscript: I am less sure about the cable issue. Many HD650 owners advise the replacement of Sennheiser's stock cable with a Cardas cable. Now, I always have the feeling that in these more esoteric regions of audiophilia, there is somewhere a point where actual sound improvements become extremely minimal, and myth or even madness set in. Yet, as I was splurging anyway, for once I went the whole hog and bought myself the Cardas cable, too. Frankly; you don't really need it. I will not go so far as to say it doesn't make a difference; it does. There is, at times, an extra sparkle to the sound. But it certainly is not a prerequisite to fully enjoy the wonders of the HD650 (quite apart from the fact that the Cardas cable is a hideously ugly thing to behold, makes the phones far more cumbersome to wear, and unlike the thinner, more supple stock cable causes contact noise).
As others have said, these are the best headphones for the money and in many people's opinion, as well as my own, the best headphone.  They say that these need a burn-in period (60 hours or so) but these sound great and are extremely comfortable right of the box.  Of course, they truly do get better as you use them though.  For those who want the quality but don't like the idea of spending hundreds on an amplifier, Headroom ([...]) has their own brand of cheap, portable headphone amps that work great (they're similar in size to an iPod - a bit taller and wider).  A also took a risk of buying a $150 Cardas cable to replace the one that comes with the 650s.  I immediately felt guilty and maybe crazy for buying such an expensive cable, but then I plugged it in.  The Cardas cable is the most amazing cable I've ever owned.  The instant improvement of sound quality, as great as the 650s sound, was dramatic.  So for the best headphone grab a pair of the HD650s and for the true audiophile willing to drop the cash, pick up a Cardas cable too.
So headphone.com calls them "simply the world's best headphone." I can't speak for the Grado or AKG contenders. I can say that they're better than my Sennheiser 590's, and that is shocking. Which leads me to my first (and probably most important) point about this headphone. They cost a lot. A whole lot. Sennheiser has many units, including the 580, 590, 595, 600, and 650 (among many others), which could be construed as 'reference' quality. You'll spend about half as much on one of the 5xx models as you will on the 650. So if you were to ask me whether the 650 is *twice as good* (that is to say, it costs more in proportion to its increased capability), I'll tell you no, probably not. I might just not buy them, given the decision again. Perhaps if the price came down a bit. At any rate, they are really a superb headphone. The sound is really incredible. You never really realize what you're missing in a recording until you've heard it through a set like this. You can hear the saliva in the back of a vocalist's throat. I'm not kidding. Everything is reproduced clearly, accurately, crisply, and I've yet to find any recording (Vocal, Classical, Electronic, etc) that can tax them. I suppose I'll stop trying to some day, but it's just wonderful to hear the headphones doing their job. The construction is far more solid than the 590's are. Where there is plastic on the 590, you see metal and (no kidding) Kevlar. They are more attractive. They are also quite a bit heavier. They have a 1/4" connector instead of the more customary 1/8" mini connector -- this doesn't particularly bother me, I'll get to it in a minute. Like the 590, they are an open headphone. That is, they are not "sealed" or "isolated". Sound from around you will seep in, and it is possible for others to hear what you are listening to (somewhat). They are less comfortable. My guess is because of the metal band, the "spring" mechanism that keeps them round is tighter than the 590's, and it pinches. It really feels as though somebody is compressing your head. The ear cups are fine. They are almost identical to the 590's, but a little larger. So, you probably wouldn't be here if you didn't know you needed an amplifier for these headphones (this is where the 1/4" plug comes in). However, it bears mentioning that you should not even consider buying these cans without first buying a capable amplifier. The PPA/PIMETA amps are cheapish, and Headphone.com has some that will work fine. To demonstrate this, you'll need another headphone and the 650. Connect the other headphone to your amplifier. Listen at a comfortable level. Then, relax a second, and attach the 650. The first thing you should notice is that the white noise is gone. The second thing -- other than the sound quality, of course -- is that it is much quieter. These cans need a lot of power to drive them effectively. Look at their specifications and you will understand (300 ohms of impedance!). Buy em if you want the best and aren't afraid to spend the $$. Buy the 590's or 595's if what you need is a stellar headphone and you don't want to spend too much. Use the extra money to buy yourself an amp. You'll need it.
You get what you pay for....these are basic $45-60 headphones, the bass is full but I found the treble levelsto be lacking. If you really like to hear the high treble in your music, this may not be your best bet. I almostprefer a good pair of Apple earbuds to be preferable.
Great Headphones, Great Audio, and Great Price. I've been using these for a year now and its still good as new i use them on a daily basis for all things whether its music or movies I love them! They have cool design and also a pause button on the wire if you got your phone in your pocket and the wire also has a microphone for that same reason. I would take these over beats because of the price and quality.
We purchased these for our teenage son.  Within a week or so, one of the speakers stopped working so we returned it via Skullcandy's replacement service, received a purchase credit, and re-purchased the exact same model.  Several months after receiving the replacement, the set is showing wear and tear.  The cord ends are splitting and has a "click" sound if the cord is jiggled.  It is clear these are not made to last, especially for a teenage boy who may toss them in a backpack or under the bed.  For the price of these headphones I would have expected them to hold up a bit better.  But - kudos to Skullcandy's replacement service which was relatively easy to use.
I bought from Skullcandy direct and it was shipped 5 days after I received an Email that it had been sent. Regardless of shipping these are not quality headphones. They are very light and plastic feeling, didn't fit around my ears correctly. The sound is like you are a foot away from speakers, or in other words the sound doesn't feel present it feels far away. I do not recommend these headphones for the $30 from direct let alone the $60+ on Amazon.
Headphones came quickly, new in box, undamaged. The problem is what I was afraid of while ordering...the description said "black/black" but the transaction allowed me to choose a color. So I did. I still got black/black. It's not a deal-breaker and it's too close to Christmas to horse around with returns...I just wish I hadn't been expecting gray/lime instead.
I purchased the grey/cyan/magenta Hesh 2 headphones with the detachable cord. This is exactly what I got. The sound quality is great, nice stereo, and the bass is defined but not overbearing. They're very comfortable on the ears, but the top of the band can start to make my head hurt after a few hours. I have found that on the smallest size (they are adjustable), they are still a bit loose. I doubt they'd fall off easily though. The detachable cord is an almost rope like material, and considerably long. Overall, a good buy for $45 since they're usually $60- and be sure if you're buying on Amazon to watch the prices for a while, as I noticed that from day to day certain colors/styles are cheaper than others. The day after I bought this color, they went back up to $53. Glad I bought them when I did.
I bought these for work when I worked in a loud area. But now that I have an office, these got thrown in my gym bag. At the gym they cancel out most of the sound so I can have a workout in peace, but I wish they were a bit less bulky. sometimes they might bang on a piece of equipment. But they are great when Im doing cardio! Great brand! I have had these for over a year now! I do wish I could find a pair that was cordness though so I can stop pushing the cord down my shirt.
I picked these up about two years ago and have found them decent but not the best headphones I've ever had. I had some smaller skullcandy headphones in the past and loved those, they sat well on my head and the sound was still great. I find these a bit big and bulky. After more than an hour of wearing them I find that they press into the sides of my head and often I have to take them off because it hurts to wear them for too long. I usually only use them if I'm watching or listening to something with very low volume. They do have great sound and I have no complaints about that.
Best headphones ever! I really love these. The mids and highs come out nice and clear, and the bass is sooo good! Yet it does not over power the rest of the music. It has minimal leakage, while still giving you full sound. I love these, and all Skull-candy products. These are a must have!
Third pair of Skullcandy headphones I own. Used for monitoring during band jam sessions. Only issue is that, wish it included a 3.5 mm headphone jack/cord that was just TRS, not TRRS. The microphone ring does not allow proper connection when used with my JamHub extension cords. Had to purchase a different cord to use in that situation. Finding a small enough jack that fit in the narrow connection port was a challenge.
Passable headphones. I've used over the headphones before such as Sony, Panasonic, Bose. I've purchased these because of the cheap price and I figured I could carry them everywhere for rough use. However, the sound quality isn't as great as you'd expect for such bulky headphones. For the price, it was average at best. I liked that it had a detachable cord from one side only, definitely makes it tangle free when you're moving around with them. But, I wish skull candy made them a bit more sound proof...I've noticed that the sound leaks quite a bit and even at the lowest possible volume, it was very easy to hear the sound from the outside.Overall, I'd say these headphones are worth it for the price if you're short on time and you need to grab headphones immediately from the shelves. You won't be too disappointed especially at the price point, but you may think twice in the long run. Hope this helped!
these headphones are amazing. I wanted something that would eliminate outside sounds when i listen to music.I study a lot and outside noise can sometimes be distracting. But with these headphones, i can listen to my music or listen to lectures on my computer or tablet. In addition, the clarity of the headphones work good when someone calls you.
I bought myself a pair of these to use when DJing on a local radio station and when editing audio files for air play. They are not the best headphones I've ever used, but they are very good -- and you can't beat them in the $40-$70 price range, in my opinion. I liked them so well that I bought pairs for two of my interns--college students. They also like them a lot. They are not "noise-cancelling" headphones, but their tight over-ear design cuts out a lot of room (or airplane) noise.If I were mastering audio for a CD, I think I'd want something in the $200-$500 price range.  But for ordinary listening or working in radio, Hesh 2 headphones are just fine. Great deal for the price. Recommended.
These are SERIOUSLY noise canceling.  I know some people have said they don't work as well as the Bose, etc., and I'm sure that's true, but I've never used high end headphones so can't compare.  But I will say my daughter had me try them out listening to her music while she talked to me, and I thought she was only pretending to talk.  I couldn't hear anything! Everyone corroborated her speaking in a normal voice while I had them on. I was impressed!
Extremely satisfied with the Hesh 2.0.  A friend has the Beat Solo and these provide a much fuller sound profile.  The Solos didn't sound much better than a $15 pair of Sony I bought 10 years ago.I like the look of these headphones, all black is fairly subtle.  So far they have been comfortable enough for 1-2 hours at a time.  I've been impressed enough that I've put some Skullcandy Crushers on my short list of future purchases.
They are great headphones for the price. My main complaint is that if you have them on for a couple hours, the bar that rests on your head isn't very cushioned and it causes irritation. Besides that, the music quality is fantastic. I would recommend to a friend. 8/10
These are some great headphones. The pads and nice and cushy and breathable . it looks great. Sound quality is superb. Amazing bass and mids but the highs are a bit muffled. I wont reccomend using with a phone because a phone cant unleash tge true power of these cans. They really come to life on a computer however. I use mine as pseudo speakers while studying. I plug them in and raise the volume to about 75 percent and instant speakers .
Pretty good quality, not extremely pro but definitely not bad at all! They will be put to use. Came in great condition, love that the plug in part comes out, and the fact that it comes with a bag is even better! All in all, great experience and I recommend these!
Ive had my heshs for 1 year now and have had no problems at all. Note: Your device may not give the proper amount of power to these headphones, therefore they will not sound to good(Or loud). I have used these for just about everything and the soundrange is insane. Basses are insane, Highs and mids are great. Build quality is fantastic and will last the average person a year.
These headphones are pretty good at cutting off outside noise and make decent sound, but the cord they come with gets kinked. About a week into owning it the wires started poking out of the cloth covering in places where kinks got really bad and have to be tucked back in. Also, the ear coverings are quite large and make it look like you're wearing over-sized earmuffs if you've got a tiny head (like I do)
Very comfortable, and has GREAT sound. It comes with a little bag to store it in when you're not using it, but I really don't see the point since the headphones can't fold. The detachable AUX chord is a plus, so if that part gets frayed, or wears out (which is usually the first to go), I can just replace that and not have to buy a whole new pair of headphones.
I got these headphones last Christmas and I must say do not regret it. These headphones offer incredible sound quality with great balance between Treble, Bass, and Voice. It took me a few weeks to get use to over-ear headphone, and these ones are very comfortable. I use them almost every single day and still in perfect condition.
These Headphones are great. They are comfortable and they can be worn for long periods of time. but I have a thin face and these leave some gaps between my face and the cups for sound to get in and out of. The sound quality if your looking for base isn't high in the slightest but if you want crisp highs and an amazing middle range these are great. They are also very sturdy and have a long life span I've had mine for 2 years and no problem. Worth 40-50$ but I wouldn't pay more. I still love these things and am very happy with my purchase.
I love my new headphones!!!! Especially the color!!! Feel like I'm rich and has that Louis Vuitton color look lol!!! Hahaha!!! Anyways!!! Very fast shipping!!!! And... Well equipped packaging!!!! They do really care bout your customers!!!! At first it was small for me so it couldn't fit my ears so I have to adjust the headband!!  Not like the other skullcandy hesh headphones I had before and that was a perfect fit which it reaches my ear!!!!Highly recommended buying this headphones cause of the color and very fast and well equipped packaging!!!
I use these practically everyday for more than a year now and they're still going strong, the removable cable is a plus as I have had a couple of cables go bad on me resulting in sound coming from only one side.Good sound quality, if you have android you should look up Viper4Android (http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2191223) it's an equalizer with many options and makes these sound much better as if they were 2 to 3x the cost.
These are really great headphones for the price. $45 free shipping with prime.Man that is a STEAL. I went to Target and they have the Hesh 2.0 as $60 still.Anyways, the only problem with these is that there is no mic included. So if you want a mic these headphones aren't for you. Yes the listing says there is a mic, but there isn't. I don't care since I wouldn't have used it, but it still sucks that it can mislead others.All in all, the headphones have great sound quality and block out sound pretty nicely and are pretty comfortable. Mine didn't have any defects when I got it or anything, and even if it did - it would most likely be the cord....which is replaceable! :)Having a replaceable cord ALSO makes these headphones great since thats the first thing that always goes bad and you can find similar stiles of the cords on here for around $6.tldr;Pros:ComfortableNice Sound QualityPretty to look at (at least for me they are)Not heavyReplaceable cordCons:No micPS ~ The cord is a braided cord.
Went through two of these. Both arrived defective with one side not working.  Yes, I made sure the cable was pushed into the headset all the way.  In addition, I thought these were kind of enormous (bought them for my young teen daughter because she asked for them, but I thought they looked silly because of their size) as well as cheap feeling.  +1 star, though, because the exchange of the first one and the return of the second one was hassle-free.
Love this brand and I love these headphones. Sound quality is good and the bass in songs sound great. I gave four stars only because it's not as discreet as I would like it. You shouldn't wear these in a place that requires silence if you're like me and like your music loud enough where you can't hear yourself think. Besides that, I am happy with my purchase.
Uncomfortable.  Bought these Skull Candy Hesh 2 and paid over $60 for them at Best Buy.  The top is hard plastic and within minutes, it digs into your skull.  Now I get the name!  No thanks.  Returning these asap!  Sound isn't the best I ever heard either.I am listening to them right now with a shamy to cushion my head from the digging plastic and it is still hurting.  Who designed these? Poor job!
I got these to replace my Ifrogz Dj Style Headphones. They just weren't staying on my head so I figured why not try out the skullcandy line because I've heard a lot of good things about them. Now I've been listening with the Hesh 2's for about a whole day now and they feel secure on my head. They do go around my whole ear but maybe I have small ears? The only difference between these and my Ifrogz was the bass. I mean I don't consider myself an audiophile but I do like to listen to my music on a decent pair of headphones and these fit the bill. Are there better quality headphones out there? I'm sure there are. Everyone seems to be raving about the audiotechnia models but the fact is I don't find it super important to spend 300 dollars on a pair of headphones. These are super durable I have no worries about breaking them and neither should you as long as you don't throw them on the ground and start stepping on them. For normal use I don't see these being a problem. The bass on these isn't bad but if you listen to a lot of rap or hip hop and are a bass head these aren't the headphones for you. For the other people that don't put bass as a priority these headphones do a good quality job of staying on your head and supplying you with crisp clear sound with balanced highs, mids, and bass. Personally I didn't like having my whole head shake from my Ifrogz bass. I listen to a lot of metal and these do a good job however, I would have wanted a tiny bit more put into the mids, the snare sound from the kit gets lost a little bit in the mix. It's still there but I personally love listening to the percussion especially when I'm listening to someone like Between the Buried and Me or the Faceless. Other than that they came on time and the packaging was fine. If you personally don't mind having super bass and looking for quality headphones that are durable and comfortable in this price range the Skullcandy Hesh 2's are a great option. I only gave them four stars because of the lack of mids. I would have given them a 4.5 if I could have.
I purchased these for my daughter for her birthday.  I wanted to get her a nice entry-level set that would still perform well and yet stand up to the rigors it would inevitably experience being on the head of a newly official teenager.  Being an earbuds type of person, I was a bit lost in the sea of options.  After reading probably thousands of reviews, I opted for these and hoped for the best.  Out of the box (well, rather still in the box), I noted that they look quite nice.  Like nice enough that I would find ways to steal them when she isn't using them.  She opened them and handed them over.  They have a nice weight to them and I really like the flexibility of the band.  She pulled up her Spotify and began listening, and the look on her face told me that I had done well.  She put them on my ears, and I was satisfied.  The sound is very nice for the price point, with a depth and richness that I was not expecting.  The sound dampening must be working, as she complains less about her brother's antagonistic ways since having them on her little head.  The boy child is now asking for a pair, and I look to the future with joy at the possibility of having a reasonably silent house in spite of an 11 and 13 year-old.
These headphones are absolutely amazing. I do not mean they don't have flaws, I mean they are worth what you're paying and more. I am not an audiophile, but I like music and I want it to sound good. I have broken and owned many headphones so I know how I like mine. These headphones give you great bass, crisp sound, and design. They hit all the highs of my "dubstep" music, but do not distort it. These headphones, if anything, give you a more distinct sound and make the track sound better. They do have amazing bass, but for the softer tracks they are just as good with quiet piano and guitar. Finally, I'm a teenager and will be wearing these CONSTANTLY so comfort is big. I put these on and adjusted them and they feel great. They aren't super heavy and cup your ear fairly. My mom (who does not mind bad quality) put these on and her first words were "Those are really comfortable." I'd say the only downfall of these are that they are very rounded and give you the double-bun look on your head and they aren't as good as some, but, especially for the price, they are great, great, great headphones.
I originally bought the headphone for its color.  Love the shape and its design.Sound quality is not that special, seems to be a bit lacking in all frequencies.  There are a lot of others on the market that will offer the same or better quality.The signal cable had some connection issue.  Couldn't pinpoint exactly which end of the connector is causing the problem.
sound fantastic, very clear. they mute the noise very well. comfortable up until the 4th hour, i typically need a break for my ears as they eventually cramp my ears a bit but i shouldn't be listening to direct noise like that for more than 4 hours anyway so i ain't complaining. would definitely recommend.
Bought these because my son had skullcandy's from about 3 or 4 years ago that I was borrowing more often than he liked. I knew I wanted a pair just like them. Unfortunately, these aren't as nice in terms of sound and fit. The ear phone is round compared to my son's that is oblong..(like the shape of an ear) So it doesn't hug your ear or fit as well hence, the sound suffers but I like the sleeker style, less bulk with cord and for the money it serves my purpose (walking) well.
Let me start by saying that I hated music. There's a musical piece here and there I liked as long as I didn't listen to it more than once in a blue moon. More frequently than that and I would end up hating it too. I tried to keep a silent life; playing games on mute and avoiding music with no visual accompaniment by which to ignore it. These headphones were a gift, so I thought I'd do the honorable thing and appreciate the gesture.And WOW. I had never heard music like this before. I could hear every depth, every note, every after note (like the vibration echo of a piano key) with fullness, clarity. The range was nothing like I'd ever heard before. It was complete, but every part clear and separate.  No shallow tenor, no muffled bass. During my first listen to a musical piece (the ending theme to Fearless, to be exact), I was flooded with abstract emotion I can only describe as my very soul harmonizing to the music: pleasantly delighted by each musical emphasis; riding the cascading rise and fall of the musical high notes and low notes; essentially being drawn into and becoming part of the music itself while reality became a distant and faded existence.I know now what it means by "music has power," and I love it. I love music! These headphones aren't even the top of the line, but their amazing quality has invigorated an apathetic part of me that was caused by a lifetime of cheap speakers producing crappy sound. They have shown me a world I never knew in music, and I learned something about myself. I don't hate music, I hate crap. I'm a snobby audiophile!Note: all speakers are somewhat limited by the output capabilities of the device they are plugged into. If you want the best music these head phones have to offer, go into your sound setup and adjust your equalizer to produce the best sound possible based on the majority kind of music you listen to (the best equalizer settings for an opera are different from the best settings for instrumental).
These headphones are comfy on my head, 200# dude, and sound good. The bass is there and clarity is what I expected. I'm not audiophile, but do appreciate good sound and have invested in more expensive headphones in the past. The mic is also works well and push button function performs as planned with my iPhone.
I thought that the overall EQ of these headphones was very weak.  I primarily listen to metal, but like a good, upfront sound with nice highs and deep bass.  Bought these initially and was very disappointed.  The sound, at pretty much every volume was weak, seemed distant and distorted.  I can say my iPhone 6 headphones that came with the phone are 10x better than these.  I ended up returning them and buying the Crushers instead.  Build quality looks nice on these but I don't like the audio quality at all. I also found them to be a little small around my ears, they didn't fully surround my entire ear like many other models do.
skullcandy has been a go to brand for me for almost 10 years now mainly with their in ear models like the ink'd and the jib's. but i decided to buy some of their over ear models as the in ear models don't last that long before you need to buy a replacement. the hesh 2 where one of those models as they were on sale at the local store near my house for the same price as they are on amazon. the sound quality is more emphasized towards the lows than with the mids and highs. bought them so i don't have to carry around or lose my more expensive sennheiser momentum over ear headphones when i travel or go to work. overall am more impressed with these headphones than the past models of skullcandy headphones i have bought in the past. the removable cord is a non proprietary cable and will be much cheaper to replace than the ones for the sennheiser momentum's. just wish they were of a foldable design it does come with a carrying bag that is the color of the headphones
These headphones were just okay.  They were comfortable enough, but they leaked sound so badly that I could take them off with the volume only halfway up, and I could listen to the music from across the room.Also, this was probably just me, but for some reason the padding around my ears made my skin itch.  Very weird, but as I said, could have just been me.They definitely are not sound blocking AT ALL.  So just beware.
I'm giving these 5 stars only because they do sounds very good for the echeap price. Very flat, not much bass but great for acoustical music. Comfortable on the ears and the traditional "y" cord does not transmit a lot of noise when they are bumped or rubbed up against anything. Nice portable foldable design. I have about 10 pairs of headphones and these certainly do not compare to my AKG or Bose headphones, but again, for the price they great. My only complaint... No padding on the headband does start to hurt the top of my head but I will like just glue a strip of phone to the underside and call it good.
Pretty good headphones. I'm not someone who focuses on always having better quality, but these sound real good to me. I have a couple problems with them though, wearing them for an hour or two often make my ears hurt as well as the top of my head which often causes a headache.The price is really good for a quality of sound I am happy with, and am willing to deal with the discomfort. They were delivered on time.I'm fairly happy with my purchase, though I plan to eventually look for a more comfortable replacement.
Don't waste your money on such a cheap piece of crap. As soon as I opened it and tried it out, I found that ONLY ONE SIDE worked. I'm a college student with limited transportation options, so none of the return policies would even be worth the money for this garbage. So disappointed in SONY for laying this on me...
I got these headphones because my earbuds kept slipping out of my ears, and I was disappointed to find out how much sound is heard through the headphones. I thought it would only be heard if the music was really loud, but even when it's quieter than I want, it's still easily heard. Quite annoying.
Had these about 3 years and they are still working.  My son uses them almost every day for his iPad and his electric drum set.  The sound is average.  The cord and every piece of the headset is still intact and working properly. Great product for the price and durability.  If you are looking for some inexpensive headphones that you want to last a long time, we have had great luck with these!
These headphones are pretty great if you get one that works. They sound nice and are comfortable. I owned a pair awhile ago and they died shortly after. My brother got a pair right after Idid and they have worked so well that sometimes I borrow them when I experience faulty headphones, which is a lot!
LOVE LOVE LOVE these headphones!!! Great price for such durable awesome headphones. I have these with me all the time whenever I travel or even just working at my desk. The red outline on these white headphones make it looks amazing! The sound quality is great and the headphones themselves are very light. Some may be worried that because its white it will get dirty fast but not the case at all. Very super easy to clean. Im glad I purchased them!
Bought these a year ago and these are the only headsets that have lasted and worked with no issues! Sound quality is okay, these just last and work.  Both my kids have them and I'm happy they lasted this long.  Not high end audio quality but for kids they don't know the difference.
Bought two pairs of these headphones so I could plug into the Ugreen 3.2mm Audio Y Splitter and allow my wife to watch a movie with me while the babies are sleeping. My other pair of headphones...I have to hold the connection just right, but the jack for these headphones was perfect. While the noise cancelling effects of these aren't out of this world, for our purposes they're just right (don't want to have the entire neighborhood listening to your crying baby while you crack up while watching Modern Family, completely unawares...) great value headphones.
Purchased these as a gift for my tween, she loves them for the grown up look and the swivel on the earpiece, I love them for the sturdy design and the price, we all know how kids tend to loose or mishandle tech stuff. Oh and yes they sound great too!
At the time, I've researched long and hard to find a real good pair of headphones. I needed one that'll at least cover my ears and I didn't want to resort to ear buds as they seem to not be a thing for me. When I got the Sony MDRZX100, I was really happy about it! I'm still using it as I'm typing this review and listening to music at volume 80 with EQ settings to my liking. Yes, I know, loud but I like it loud and I love the sound coming from this pair of headphones! Sony's devices never failed me and I'm always confident with their products and this pair of headphones is one of them. There isn't much bass going on and you're gonna have to set your EQ (equalizer) settings to your liking if you want a little bit of bass going on. Other than that, the sound is clear, it's really good. I would buy another one but I'm looking out for over-ear headphones now because I want my ears fully covered with the sound muffs and that I want to be engulfed with music and anything else really. But if you're looking for a decent pair of headphones and you're on the budget, then this one is for you. I've had mine for two years and it's still going strong! Although, the soft plastic-ish part has worn off and now it's like a soft padding but the headphones itself still works! That's how durable these headphones are!
These are a great fit for my small head. I wear them at the gym and they do a great job blocking out other noise. I like to listen to audiobooks which are quieter than music in general, so i needed headphones that were loud enough for the gym, and these are great. Also comfortable and the cord is thick and sturdy.
These headphones have clear and crisp sound through all volume levels. They fit well and do not feel cumbersome on your head. These will be my second set of this model Sony headphone. My previous pair lasted over two years while being used daily by my two boys ages 16 and 10. That should tell you they are built well, nothing comes close in this price range.
These are hands down the best headphones on amazon for the price, I've one through about 3 pairs now in 6 years and continue to repurchase due the the quality and durability. They work with ALL kinds of music, even bass heavy. There was 1 order where I got a defective headphone and amazon promptly gave me a return slip and I got my new pair in right away.
Use these almost every single day. I love how they fold so they're easier to put in s bag or wherever. I love the bass in them and I love how they filed on my head and on my years. They sound great and I'll probably buy the ones bigger then these and gives these to my brother.
After four years of use, I have not once regretted purchasing these headphones. I agree 100% with other reviewers who say that the sound quality rivals high quality Beats and Bose models. They do indeed, and in fact surpass some of them. Don't be fooled by all the audio techs on here giving fancy stats on fancy tests they ran- for someone who just wants to listen to music or use them for general use on a laptop, you can't beat them for the price- or for four times the price for that matter.The circumstances involved in my purchasing these headphones was a quick need for a decent pair. I had wanted a new top dollar pair, but when my pair of Koss phones broke I needed a shoe-in. So I bought these. And honest to the Lord, after using these, I quit saving up. The quality was stunningly good for a $20 pair of headphones.After four years and no small amount of wear to the pads, these phones still sound as crystal clear as when I bought them. I primarily listen to classical music and some pop, and they work equally well for both genres. The sound is crystal clear and immersive with a decent amount of bass. Sometimes you might have to press them against your ear to hear something in a little better detail. Soon I will be replacing them- with another Sony pair, of course- simply due to the physical wear it's incurred thanks to my less-than-stellar care of them, but I will still use them until they quit working.
I don't have much experience with other headphones at this price point but I have to say they don't sound great to me. However, my main complaint is comfort - these make my ears ache something awful. I've put it up with it for a while (it hasn't gotten better) but I've finally decided to upgrade.
Can be comfortably worn for about 3 hours before the ear cushioning becomes flat and starts to hurt ear cartilage. I like that the plug is L shaped, it'll last longer. I'm not an audiophile, so I don't know the terms. Some sounds are like they're happening behind you, or like you're hearing it from another room depending on the song. Outside sounds, like sounds of shrieking children while you're wearing headphones, seemed to be amplified to a piercing sound to me. Or maybe they were doing it on purpose. Kids can be turds. Anyway better sound quality than a pair of gummy earbuds. I just wish they were comfortable enough to wear for longer. Maybe I need bigger cups to surround my ears instead of placing ontop of my ears.EDIT: cheap fix for more comfortable headphones is to tuck 1~2 stretched cotton balls into the pads. I think the reason they become uncomfortable is because they are much like bean bag chairs, that is, they're loosely padded. The cotton balls help so that you don't feel what I think is a screw. Doesn't seem to affect the sound in a bad way either.EDIT 2: foam works even better than cotton. I used 22mm stuffed into each earpad.
Not as "fancy" as beats quality headphones, material is definitely on the cheaper side. But its nice and durable.Note: Works better on smaller heads, my head is a lot larger than normal and although it works fine, it does not give me that "look" I'd like to achieve while wearing it in public.
I wear these every day at school, they're not too big or heavy, yet they have fairly decent sound quality that does indeed drown out some noise while in use. They sit on top of my books in my backpack and have actually been crushed a few times, but they're still in perfect working condition. Super durable I guess. I would buy these again.
Excellent product.  I bought them for my daughter to use in her dorm room so she doesn't bother her roommate while watching TV.  I was going to buy her the very expensive ones that are all the rage right now but she really likes these headphones.  And they are so much cheaper!
Honestly I've had these headphones for a little over a year now and not once have I been upset with the purchase I've made. The only Issue I have with it is that when its cold out side the wire becomes rigid and doesn't want to move all to much. If that the only thing I have to deal with and I've had this for a year I would buy it again. The sound quality on this product is great, these are my go to headphones. I am so happy that I made this purchase. I will be upgrading to the ones with extra bass and a microphone and I hope that I have such a pleasurable experience with those that I've had with these.
I should have returned these and listened to some of the reviews. One guy said they were too tight and dont fit on head right and you know what, he is absolutely right! These are terribly uncomfortable. It is like they were made for kids? I dont get it, my head is so so small, the size of a kid, I wear kids clothes and shoes sometimes even. These headphones are not comfortable at all, too tight and too small, hard plastic that doesnt give on top of my head.  I ended up buying another brand.
Ok. So these headphones I bought them for 10 dollars on a special in amazing about 2 years ago. So I use these for everything. Gym (not recommended for cardio). Studying. Gaming. Chilling. You name it. There are NOT noise cancelling headphones. I've seen some reviews bashing on them because they don't reduce ambient noise...duh! That's not what they're for.After DSILY 2 year use is when the Earp ads are starting to flake off but guys, they have been sweat on, wet, even dropped some mashed potatoes and coffee so I will pretend that this wear and tear is not even happening.How long do I use them for? Anywhere from 15 minutes to 8 hours and you don't even feel the weight on your head.Sound quality...xD one even get me started. I've worked on studio productions with beats Solo and honestly the difference makes me cringe due to the fact that my friend payed 180 dollars more for something that has more plastic...so yeah. THEY SOUND AMAZING. the sound has never distorted at any volume.For the price, you will NOT find better headphones so do yourself a favor and don't spend more on something that won't surpass this for the next 100 dollars in difference.
bought these for my daughter. She loves music and used them wth her Ipod 4. The sound was really good and they worked really well untill one day one speaker stopped working about 6 months after we bought them. I wasnt sure if it was the speaker or if my daughter broke them, hence the 4 stars.
It has been AGES since I ordered these and they still work! Wonderful headphone, recently purchased another set (sony and they are huge) just for a personal project on painting them but I still find myself using these. Fit well on any audio jack ipod, tablet, desktop, ds, psp, etc.! Very easy to adjust the headband and the cables are no issue. Comfy headphones that do not bother me after prolonged usage. Even when I have my hair up in a towel or ponytail, they adjust easy and fit perfectly. A great buy and would recommend.
2014 CHristo as my Grandma purchased these head phones for me, they were great till late November of this year. The earpiece eventually fell out, but for such a cheap set, they lasted pretty long. (I pretty much use these everyday and commonly tossed them around) Sound wise, they're good. I would recommend them to everyone
one side of the headphone stopped working after 3 months. can't even return them they, as they are already out of the return policy. i have seen the same review given by other people and it seems that they make this headphones just to rob money from people. Just enough to last a month so that the return policy kicks in and you can't do anything about it."NEVER BUY THIS ITEM" WORST EXPERIENCE EVER
These are a good pair of headphones at a good price. I even bought my sister a pair for a gift. I got the black, she got the white. The padding on them makes them very comfortable. They can get loud. There just the perfect size and not to big. I've had them for quite some time now and there still going.
These are decent little headphones. For $12 they are about all one could expect. I'm using them for listening to internet audio at work off a cheap sound card, so they haven't truly been tested as to how good they sound with clean audio. They're  comfortable enough and are of the smaller size/weight class. They do the job.
Sound quality is great, especially considering the price. It is very lightweight and well-made too (I would wish it had a volume adjust knob, though.). My only complaint is with the size of the ear pads, they are a bit too small for my comfort. If they were a little bit more bigger they would have comfortably covered my ears, but right now they put pressure on my outer ear.
I've bought these headphones in-store at Best Buy well over a year now and they work just fine. I am so used to headphones around this price messing up or not working anymore after a couple of months but these headphones actually last for a long time. I took one star of for comfort, sometimes they hurt my ears after wearing them a long time but I suppose most headphones would do that now a days.
The more I try using other pairs of headphones or earbuds, the more I appreciate just how good these Sony headphones are. Ive been using them several hours a day, everyday, for over a year, and theyre still as great as the day I bought them. The sound is clear and crisp, and the bass is strong without any cringe-worthy distortion. Everything, including voices, sounds like it should and not like its coming from far away or underwater. The sound is balanced, and remains so even at the loudest volume.The only two complaints I had/have are: - They were a little uncomfortable when I first got them, but they quickly relaxed (or perhaps the problem was me and I just got used to them after a short time wearing them) and now they are extremely comfortable to wear. - They could stand to be louder, as I often have to turn the volume all the way up to block out tv/movie noises, but they do fine blocking out other noise.Even with these nitpicks, I still give these 5/5 stars. They are a fantastic value for the price, and I always come back to them after trying other pairs of headphones and earbuds.
I was hesitant to get these headphones as I have a large head (32cm round, I think) and have typically needed to use monitor style headphones in the past. When they finally arrived I was surprised by how small they looked out of box. I ordered the XL-memory cushionsV-MODA XL Memory Cushions for Over-Ear Headphones (Black), but they hadn't arrived yet, and when I first put these on I was very happy that I did. The included ear covers didn't cover my ear at all and caused discomfort after a while of having them on my head. When the XL-memory cushions arrived I snapped them on and was very impressed by how much difference it made. My ears were fully covered and the noise reduction was significantly better.This is probably my first pair of "nice sounding" headphones so I'll just say that they sound better than my cheap skullcandy Ink'd 2.0 ear buds and my logitech stereo speakers and leave it at that. The noise reduction is fairly significant. I use them for flights and have been impressed that I only need to increase the volume by one or two clicks to drown out most of the noise. Don't get me wrong, you can still hear noises, but the headphones do a pretty good job. I followed most of the reviewers' suggestion to let music play through them overnight so I didn't really hear a progressive improvement since I did it when they arrived. The storage case is great and gives a lot of protection to the headphones. The headphones are great for hands-free phone calls, but note that for android only the middle button will work (volume controls only work for apple devices). The styling is great and neither the metal nor the leather has faded after 7 months or so.Overall great quality headphones. Definitely worth the money.
I've bought these way before amazon was selling them for over double the price, and I still would have recommended them to anyone/everyone. They are extremely comfortable, and give off amazing bass for only being powered by the music device it is plugged in to. The reason I had to purchase again was only because my first pair got stolen after 2 years of use. Buy them if you are looking for an amazing pair of headphones that WILL last (if taken care of properly and even without will last), have great bass, feels/looks designer and in no way cheap. Bonuses it comes with a adapter for guitars, two cable for different uses- both excel in their respective strengths- and a case to help these durable headphones to last even longer.
These are really sharp looking headphones that sound good as well. Mine came with a nice hard carrying case that makes it easy to keep all of the cords together in one area. The detachable cord is a nice feature as well.The only negative is that they can be kind of heavy on your ears after a couple of hours.
I'm a game tester and I have had to replace my previous headphone yearly because of something breaking on then all; .SteelSeries Siberia V2, Corsair Vengeance 1300, Creative Labs Sound Blaster Tactic 3D Sigma USB Gaming Headset, Sennheiser PC 151, Razer Kraken PRO.These V-MODA headphones are not really for gaming but omg with the  BoomPro Gaming mic these are a beast. I bought these in 2013 and the headphone are still the best ones I have ever owned, the sound is amazing the build quality is perfect. I will only buyV-MODA products from now on. I have treated these the same as the others, dropped them many times, I even stepped on the and popped one of the headphones out but it just clicked right back into place. Did I mention they also replaced my audio only headphones for my cellphone.You can also customize the color of them to make them personalized.
So far estimated 130 Hours of music on these headphones and they definitely sound better than the first 50- hours.I listen to Rock, Indie, House and Garage mostly.So here's the breakdown:-Rock/ Indie: Great but not fantastic, most times I tweak the EQ to make them sound better.-House and Garage: Absolutely fantastic, I mean just fantastic. Its like having a party in your head. Bass can be a bit too much sometimes tho but again use an EQ then its sorted.-Pads are extremely comfy, some days I use these bad boys 5 hours straight with no problem.-These are definitely going to last me a long time, they feel like solid pair of headphones in your hands.  .I think at this price range they are one of the best if not THE best in my opinion.
These headphones by far are my favorite. In my honest opinion they sound much better than and Beats version of headphones. But thats just my personal opinion. The carrying case it comes with is very nice but also can take a beating for your headset. And I like the fact that it comes with 2 versions of the removable cords, one which is just a straight cord that goes from your device to your headset and the other one with control buttons to control volume and answer calls. The ear cushions are really comfortable and I can keep them on the whole day, I honestly think that it helps that the Loop that goes over your head is somewhat ergonomic, just the way it expands over your head doesn't feel like its pressing against your temples. Bottom line.... I love this headset.
In my office, no one talks to each other. Everyone is just plugged in to whatever music they like... so last year I  decided to see what it's all about. On a recommendation from a younger co-worker,  I got these and I am now transported to my favorite artist in concert, while I'm typing away on the PC.
I paired these up with the FiiO6 and man o man! They were already good without  the amplifier. The bass is as you may have read from other reviews, amazing. I listen to heavy bass songs and I love them. I don't have a problem with the highs or mids. Just adjust your eq to your taste and these headphones deliver. After the break in you won't have to have the volume up as high to hear the same clarity. The build are high quality to say the least. They are stylish with a nice case to match. These are best headphones I've ever owned. Im a V Moda customer for life. I highly recommend these and I say go ahead a treat yourself to a quality pair of headphones that you won't regret, especially if you love bass.
Quality sound range, build, and design for the price.I highly recommend upgrading the earpads to the "V -Moda XL memory cushions".If you do not get these right away, be aware that if your ears touch the grill of the headphones in anyway, the grill fabric cover and grill itself will eventually develop a grout of dead skin cells and ear wax. You can clean this routinely if you wish, but can sneak up on you if you forget for a few months.
Once you adjust the equalizer settings on your device, you can fine tune these bad boys up! I compared these to my girlfriend's Beats Mixr headphones and the sound quality is better on these without giving up tooo much base to the Beats. The beats packed a little more thump but it sacrificed clarity in sound in doing so. These are a GREAT buy. I also use them for gaming and movie watching. Very comfortable as well. And I wear glasses.
Okay Gang I just spent two years dealing with an Inferior brand of Bluetooth headphones.  Top of the line Beats Studios.  Totally distorts and highs and mid ranges were frankly speaking difficult to hear listening to headbanging metal music. I was also afraid to take them into the Sauna.  Now the new brand I just bought I have came to realize they are nothing short of exceptional.  Mids/Highs/Bass all finely tuned in harmony when you listen to Bass Banging Metal to lighter music. They have much better punch.  Love the buy back program and the quality of build is superb.  Cant speak on battery life just yet but V-MODA Cross fades are my new headphones and they sound better than my q25 BOSE.  I will never leave this company after a few hours of listening.  You have to buy these to understand the quality built in them and the phenomenal sound.  These do NOT disappoint.  Even the case is amazing.  Dont like the fact they dont bend and close like the Beats do but hey I can get used to that.  I say this if you get a pair of these you will appreciate what this company stands behind.  Exceptional Build, exceptional sound, and unbeatable brand name they stand behind.  Try to do a buy back with Beats.  Try understanding words now with outstanding bass which Beats could not do.  You dont need a charge to use the cable.  Its got purposeful quality build in every aspect of the headphones.  Hightly doubt you will be disappointed.  I bought the Sennheiser headphones and returned them.  Yes they were good but the sound of these V-Moda and the buy back program is unmatched. You will fall in love with these headphones.  Fire away with questions comparing them to Studio Beats.  I can answer them.  your average consumer recommends this over the beats studios.  I see why.  Now I will not return this like I just did my studios for Sennheiser's, then finally settling with the V-MODA Cross fades. Will not think twice about going back.  My wife listened to them and immediately wants to get a pair.  Will NOT disappoint.
I found it difficult to gauge the reviews of headphones because individuals have different hearing sensitivities and want different acoustics from their headphones.  For some, a $20 pair is good enough.  For what's it's worth, we have fairly sensitive hearing and wish for a full-bodied sound out of, let's say, radio music spanning the last 4 decades (love classical but we didn't purchase these headphones for classical nor rap).  These headphones out-performed the Audio Technica ath-m50x headphones.  These sound fantastic!  We received them for Christmas, so can't vouch for their durability yet.  But, we are more than happy about our purchase and are looking to purchase another pair or going to the LP2s (wish they were offered in various colors on Amazon).
Ok, here are my thoughts..The headphone are designed marvelously, and look great! Well constructed and I have had them for over a year, close to 2 years, still look and feel mint ( thanks to the exoskeleton case )Sound quality:The Low end sounds great with plenty of bass, and deep tones. BUT, while working on mixes, the low end tends to really drown out the mid-high range, depending on the sounds. This isn't always the case though. Listening to fully mastered tracks sound very nice, but the low range is definitely very dominate.Mid range sounds nice, and sits nicely with the high range. Working well together.High range. Back to the bass...the highs get drowned out somewhat. The highs still sound really nice, it all just depends on the song I suppose.My opinion, for music production, I would choose a set of headphones with a much more "flat" sound to them. Not too bright, and not too dull.For listening to music, I do like them a lot, for short periods of time.Allow me to elaborate,If you wear glasses, the pads will press the arms of your glasses into your skull, and after a while, it will definitely hurt.And without glasses, if you listen to them for longer than 30-45, you will lose circulation in your head lol.Yes, they are adjustable, but I feel like they could of had a less firmness in the flex.After all of this, my conclusion is yes, they are good headphones, but I'd recommend them to someone with a smaller sized head, and not a producer. DJ maybe ( does not have swivel ). 4 out of 5 on my opinion.
Great headphones, I've got two pairsI know these are called 'over ear' but the only ones I've ever encountered that truly fit fully over the ear (eg, you ear is inside the cup) are the Sennheisers.  I prefer that fit simply because i think it would be more comfortable for several hours of use.That said, I would definitely buy these again (the two pairs are for my girls)
I've had these headphones for about 2 years and like them for listening to music while I work on my laptop. The only problem is that the piece that goes over your ears is too small which makes my ears hurt if I use them for over 2-3 hours. If this was fixed I would be able to wear them throughout the entire day.That is my only complaint.When they were new and the air was dry I would experience some static shock when I took them out of the case and started using them. I haven't experienced that in over a year now. The cable is super nice because it is weaved cloth rather than that cheap plastic that gets hard and breaks when it gets older. The connections are secure for both my device and to the headphones. One of the ends on the cord is angled so that it fits into devices without creating an unnatural bend in the wire (i.e.a 90 degree bend in the cord). It also comes with a cord that would go into an amp for music.The ear foam is soft and nice, even though it presses against the cartilage of my ears. I did a LOT of RESEARCH before I decided to buy these. I think they are good quality and encourage you to take care of them by providing you with a solid case for them. The cord is nice and long so I can move around my desk without pulling the cord out of my laptop. Also, the sound is really good. When I listen to music with sort of conversations, the sounds come from different ear phones and actually sounds like someone is on either side.
Best pair of headphones I have ever owned. I receive complements on the looks of these headphones all the time. But that's not why I love them. After tons of research, I chose these headphones, because of the large drivers and around the air design. The ear cups are very comfortable, but I'm still considering purchasing the V-Moda XL Ear Cups. I listen to a wide variety of music. Some classical, a lot of '50s Blues, hard rock, alternative rock, soft rock, hip-hop/rap, and some indie artists. These headphones are great for all ranges of music. On my heaviest bass tracks, these headphones perform like champs; no crackling whatsoever. The mids are very clear, which is great for classical music that utilizes many ranges of musical notes. The highs are so beautifully played, it's insane. The build quality of these headphones is by far the best I've seen, especially in comparison to Beats (which are total crap for many reasons). The Kevlar fabric cords with the 45 degree 3.5mm jacks will hold up for years to come. I have dropped these headphones many times, and without freaking out I might add. These headphones inspire the utmost confidence. I would recommend these to anyone! One of the best purchases I have ever made.
Best pair of headphones I ever had! Only disappointing thing was that the faux leather or whatever on the headband just strips with normal use, maybe because it's too thin? Otherwise it is a perfect set of headphones for the price, great audio quality, you get a case, two nice cables and a 1/4 in adapter all gold!
Great audio quality, solid construction. The set itself is great. The 2 star loss is for the quality of the earpads and 3-button mic: you must buy the +$20 pads or the hard speakers will gnaw at your ear, the mic is quiet and its' mute button doesn't toggle and must be held down. Convenient that they have accessories to fix these exact fundamental problems... or just a scam.
These are great headphones!  They are very comfortable for a variety of head sizes/shapes.  They are very effective in cancelling outside noise and the sound you get is incredible.  They are used daily for hours in my home and are still working great at almost two years with one exception which I will get to below.  The hard shell case if very hand for my teen son who can put them in his backpack and not worry about damaging them.The only down-side and reason this gets a 4 and not a 5 is the microphone.  The inline mic that came with it did not have a mute function so we bought the boom mic that V-Moda makes.  We have gone through 2 of them.  The first one was replaced under warranty and then the replacement failed as well.  I believe the problem is in the cord.  With daily use the cord wraps up on itself so that it becomes a twisted mess.  I'm sure the wires are fraying inside as a result.  I'm hoping we can find a microphone that works with these great headphones and that will last.
I own 30+ headphones. These headphones easily beat many in higher price ranges in sound quality as well as in visual design. In my view, their strength or character compared to other headphones is, that they have powerful but still very well defined BASS. Highs and mids seems to be tuned to assist the bass to stand out. highs are clear, mids are somewhat weakend but are still appropriately fitted to make music sound overall powerfull, real and well defined. If you like bass, you'll love these headphones as I do.
These headphones only lasted 3 years before the left speaker died, as confirmed with a multi-meter showing an open circuit across the terminals of the speaker. Since the speaker is epoxied in and they don't sell replacements, I'm left looking for a new pair of headphones.The good:While I had them I used them for two main purposes: traveling and work. I thought the sound was good, if a little heavy on the bass. They did help quite a bit to isolate noise, but they were definitely inferior to active noise-canceling headphones. Good enough, but not great. The microphone also worked well in conference calls and such.They were very durable, taking a couple of tumbles from my desk when the cord got caught on my chair. The detachable cord is very nice, as it removes one of the weakest connections on a lot of other headphones. After taking them apart I was even more impressed with the build quality. There is a lot of metal and screws keeping everything intact. The speaker is securely epoxied to the metal ear cup. The band and the hinges are also mostly metal and held up great.The bad:They applied a small amount of pressure on my ears, and after a few hours because uncomfortable. This was especially noticeable while traveling. Apparently there is a "papertowel mod" that can be done to give more room for your ears, but I just learned of this after my speaker died so I won't be performing it.The left speaker just spontaneously died. I was sitting at my desk at work listening to music when the left speaker started to cut in and out. I thought it was the cable, but after a minute or two it cut out completely. I tested different cables and different sources with no difference. That's when I took them apart to try to find a bad wire or solder joint, but an open circuit on the speaker itself is pretty hard to fix, especially when the speaker is firmly in the metal casing (ultimately a good thing if you don't need to mess with them).I'm not sure if I would buy these again, as I got them for $75 during a sale and I expected more than 3 years of use out of them. But I did really like them while they lasted.
In my honest opinion I highly prefer this headset over my Bose QuietComfort 25 Noise-Cancelling Headphones. The look and feel of my V-MODO is far superior and it's one-third the price of the Bose. It's comfortable, it's durable, it looks amazing, and the audio quality far surpasses any expectation I could possibly come up with. The included cable is 10 times better then the Bose's too.
I've tried every headphone you can buy and these sound the best and last the longest.  They're simply built to a much higher standard than Beats By Dre, Sony, pioneer. Ect.  This isn't a bulls*** review BTW.  Sometimes glowing reviews are suspect but I just want working DJ's to know that these are worth the price.
Wonderful headphones. Good weight. Detachable cables, comes with its own hard case just holding these things I can feel they're a durable pair of headphones. Sound quality is wonderful through my sound card.Only downside is I have big ears, and after hours or so of keeping these on, they start to get uncomfortable.
After two years of owning this, I continue to use it daily. It is definitely reliable and comfort to wear hours on end. The thing I like about this is the bass, it hits pretty hard especially with hip hop and melodic dubstep. However, because of this the treble and mids are a little muffled, not as clear. But this issue doesn't matter to me now because I plug it through a DAC from Audioengine and it works flawlessly. My only complaint is that the microphone does not work when its plugged into my PC and or my Android phone. So if the mic is important to you, don't get it.
Simply amazing. Not exactly the best "studio" headphones, but great for those electronic music enthusiasts and bassheads. If you do want to use these in the studio however, make sure to learn how your headphones compare to a pair of neutral speakers. I also recommend burning in your pair with either your own music or pink noise.
Best pair of headphones I've ever owned! I have gigged with these regularly for a couple of years and the only thing showing signs of wear is the top part that rests on your neck when not in use. I put some black gaffe tape over it and you can't tell at all. If you are looking for a durable, great sounding headphone that will last, the V-MODA Crossfade is the one for you!! GREAT PRODUCT:)
I just got these headphones after extensive research online and, I must say, I'm extremely impressed so far.  Not only are they comfortable to wear, but also sexy as hell for a headphone!  I especially like the gunmetal color and flexible yet sturdy design.  The sound quality is good...not amazing, but for DJing purposes they do the job quite well.  At the Amazon price point they're also a great deal compared with the Pioneers and some other brands.
These are pretty amazing headphones. My old ones broke after accidentally falling on the floor but with these being metal I can't say I see that happening with them :D I also got a microphone and new, larger ear pads because the ones it comes with are a bit tiny and can hurt your ears if you wear them for extended periods of time (Like I do for gaming) though I have big ears, so that might just be a personal problem. That's my only real complaint. Other than that, I've even already recommended them to a friend!
I use these headphones every day. They are the best headphones ever as far as I'm concerned. Bought this second pair because I broke the first pair in a mini bike wreck. Sent them back to the manufacturer who is fixing them for free even though they're out of warranty! When I get them back I'll set them aside as my backup pair.They are extremely comfortable. I wear them for many hours at a time with no complaint. The sound quality is awesome. Do the headphones display a bit of character when reproducing sound? Perhaps, but whatever way these things alter the signal, boost or cut frequencies, the result is absolutely perfect. I've tried listening to music with a pair of reference quality phones before that produce a nearly perfect reproduction of the signal they're given, and I like these much better.They're more powerful too. click per click on the volume knob the LPs seem around 50% hotter than studio headphones I've tried.This is a really great headset, and I believe it's worth the investment if you need headphones as often as I do. (Roommates work the 1st shift and I work the 3rd.) I can't say enough good things about these headphones. They are as important to me as my wallet or toothbrush or shoes. I take them everywhere with me. Listen to iPod as I walk to work and walk home afterward. Listen to them when I'm walking to the grocery store. Listen to them all morning while I'm watching Netflix or listening to music while I paint pastels. These things are indispensable!
Most durable electronic thing I've ever owned. I damn near put this headphone through hell for 3+ years and still works like a charm. The bass is a bit underwhelming, so if you are looking for a headphone that thumps, look else wear. But if you want average sound quality with incredible durability you have found your match.Also it is not too bad on the eyes, you will get compliments here and there.
Man I love these headphones!  The sound is perfect. Crisp, deep bass.  Treble comes in clear, no tingy sound to be heard.The case it comes with is very sturdy, great for stuffing in a backpack for travel.The headphones are really comfortable, I wear them on airplanes even without music playing just to cancel out the ambient noise.  I am constantly complimented on the look of these headphones as well.They are always going on sale here on Amazon - so just wait it out and buy them when they go on sale!  Don't pay full price!
I previously owned Byerdynamic DT770 PRO 80 Ohms. They were pretty good, a little lacking on base, and the left ear would have a buzzing like a mosquito in my ear when I turn them up higher.These V-Moda's are great!  The bass is punchy and defined, not muddy.  Definition is great across the board but highs and mids might be a little recessed.  These are great for EDM, Electric, Hip Hop.  I highly recommend these.  They look, feel, and sound like quality headphones.  I highly prefer these to the Byers.
Amazing sound quality! I got these on sale and they're great! For listening to music and using for gaming as wellPros: to be honest there's a lot to mention just trust me :)Cons: hurts your ears or around them after long periods of wearing them but then again it could be because I wear glasses
I bought these headphones after doing some online research.  It was a toss up between these and another brand. I decided to go with these based on other reviews from some serious music listeners.  So far I am very satisfied with my decision.  I wanted over-ear phones as I plan to travel by air more this year. I tried them once already on a short flight in a small noise filled plane and they performed well.  I would recommend these for above average to good quality and reasonably priced headphones.
The best headphones I have ever bought. I am a bit of an audiophile and these things are beautiful. They are not fully neutral, but they sing. All types of music from classical - hip hop - EDM they all sound clear. They are also extremely comfortable ( I wear them on my head for 6+ hours a day 5 days a week (graphic designer) and they are all so very durable.
When first listening to these on my computer(I have Bose speakers) I heard new elements of sounds that I have never heard before. When you are listening to tracks recorded in the studio you can hear the fact that they're in an empty room, if that makes any sense. I can't speak much for more than my opinion as I am certainly no audiophile, but, In my opinion these headphones are incredible.
They are simply some of the best headphones i have ever used. I use it for listening to music, watching movies and gaming and they excel over most headphones in all 3 categories. Shipping was fast and the product was exactly as described. If your looking for a decently priced pair of headphones, you simply cannot go wrong if you buy these.
Great headphones, love them so far because the sound feels nice when I place it upon my head to listen to music as I walk. And thanks to its Frame it is a bit heavier than some but that keeps it from flying off my head when in the car or running.
Bought these bad boys a little over a year ago and I used the crap out of them. I keep them in my gym bag with my running shoes, drop them constantly, I sat on them numerous times on planes. They finally gave up. The sound stopped working on one side of the headphones. I almost bought another pair but V-Moda offers free repair for any technical issue even after the warranty expires. I packed them up and shipped them to the factory in L.A. Less than 2 weeks later, I get a package with my headphones fully functional and ready for another beating. I HIGHLY recommend these headphones. If they work for DJ friends, they work for me. It would be unfair to even compare them to Beats or any of those toy headphone$.
The best headphones I could have ever asked for. I shopped for these for a good 2 years before purchasing them. I was skeptical after buying Beats by Dre, solos wireless, and Beats by Dre Mixers. Both Headphones have Broken in the same area. So while shopping around, I purchased some temporary headphones, that just weren't cutting it. I love music and I am picky with sound even though I'm not a sound engineer. I am a hobbyist DJ, that likes to spin from time to time. V-Modas have been on my radar for a while but the price was hurting me due to the Beats breaking and after spending over $500 on headphones. Long story short, from the moment I opened the box, I knew these were it. The product is worth every penny!!! Very well built and feels so good, lets not forget the sound... WOW!!! A very important factor is comfortability. These after wearing every brand out there in the market, I give them a 10. If you are interested, do not wait as I did, and now wished I didn't!!! Go ahead and purchase them you won't regret!!!
I had these headphones for almost 2 years now and I highly recommend. The sound quality is easily above average. The bass is rich without sacrificing too much treble. I have tried the over ear beats but they feel cheap and in my honest opinion are more about the name than actual quality. These headphones are sturdy, built with high quality, and create rich sound. They also look nice too.
Love the sound (especially when I have some good quality music not just someS***ty pop). But they are pretty uncomfortable. I don't have a particularly large head, but I have to wear them at max size. Also, just hurts the physical outside of my ears a bit and squeezes my glasses. So I guess they're just kind of small?
These are great headphones!  I have owned many, many headphones over the past few years (my wife would say far too many), and these are definitely in my top 5.  There are three things I look for in a pair of headphones: 1) sound; 2) comfort; and 3) style.1) Sound:These headphones sound great, which is true of the entire V-Moda line-up of headphones (I also own the M-80's).  They might have too much bass for so-called audiophiles, but I use them primarily with my xbox one controller, so they are perfect for videogames and movies.  I don't spend too much time discussing sound because its highly subjective.  They sound good and they have reviewed well.2) Comfort:With the stock ear pads, these headphones are of average comfort.  They get somewhat warm, but they won't hurt your ears or head with prolonged use.  The best feature of these headphones is that you can upgrade the stock ear pads with different colors and sizes.  If you would prefer a much more comfortable fit, I strongly recommend that you pick up the XL ear pads for $20-25 in grey.  The sound is a little better with the larger ear pads, but they become the most comfortable headphones I own at that point...more comfortable than the Parrot Zik wireless headphones (highly recommended), my Sony MDRXB950AP/H silver headphones (also highly recommended), and the V-Moda M-80's (not nearly as comfortable.3) Design:These headphones look really great...very futuristic with great materials.  The white leather with grey trim and shiny metal accents creates a premium look that really stands out.  The pictures don't do these headphones justice.  They might stand out a little too much for those people who prefer a more-traditional black headphone look.  You can change up the look with ear cup shields with different colors and finishes, but I actually really like the stock polished silver look.One thing to note, the similar V-Moda M-80's I own had some fraying and unraveling of the headphone cord's fabric weave.  I haven't had any problems yet with the LP's, and the cords can be replaced easily, but its something to keep in mind.
So my honest review after listening to these headphones for about 30 minutes or so equates to bass, bass, bass; The mids and highs have been recessed alot to accommodate for the thumping bass, if u are listen to any music with an already heavy bass presence expect to struggle to hear the mid range. The highs in my opinion is present by way of being loud but not exactly adequate separation between it and the lows/ the bass. I know am sounding like i don't love these headphones but that isn't the case at all, it works really well for its targeted audience. The bass quality is tremendous and an instant energy booster, so for such activities like the gym and other high impact performance it works . In all i would definitely recommend these headphones, if u are into alot of bass, hip-hop, rap and so fort. So to that genre I'll give it...3.9/5So after a couple more hours of listening time and lending my ears to get acclimated with the sound; i would say it does seem to adjust collectively and rather nicely, in terms of getting familiar with the sounds phases. I still stand by my initial mid range assessment and believe it to be the weak aspect these headphones in my opinion. To finally conclude , the lps really do sound great with heavy bass after u give it several hours of custom time. Again recognize its targeted audience, and u should have fun with these.
So I got them and tried them out to see if I liked them. so I followed the directions and such and found that inorder for the sound to actually be good you have to flip around the cable against the direction and the volume adjustment doesnt work. other than that the sound is awesome (given that you flip the cable around) so I just use the back up cable witch works both ways.
sound 9/10style 9/10construction quality 10/10Bass 10/10overal 9,5/10I still use every once in while after 3 years. the still look new although i have to mention that I only occasionally use them outside. mostly in my room basically. still quite impressed with the build quality.they are not the most clear and crisp sounding. their sound is a bit grainy and muddy but they are very musical and sweet sounding. for the price quite a winner. The bass is very present but not overpowering. I like it and its the biggest selling point for these phones. recommended
The V-MODA Crossfade LPs have earned a spot on BoldList's Top 5 Passive Noise-Cancelling Headphones list!Pros:- 50mm dual-diaphragm drivers provide deep vibrant bass, organic mid-range, and high-end clarity- Memory foam ear cushions reduce ambient noise and enable a low bass response- Lightweight metal construction lets you listen to your favorite music comfortably for hoursCheck out the rest of the list before making your selection: http://boldlist.net/top-5-headphones-passive-noise-cancelling-headphones.php
Kit came with a hard case with Velcro inserts each holding their own aux chord with one having a smartphone remote controller as well as a large audio input adapter. Great headphones. Sound quality was crisp and headphones sit comfortably over your ears. Doesn't completely cancel noise but with music playing you would never know. Headphones don't fold, but I'm reality you don't save very much space with foldable headphones of the same size anyway (~3"). In comparison to beats headphones these are higher quality material and sound for a fraction of the price. I would 100% try these over Beats. Ship it back if you don't agree.
I've had my set for a few years, purchased from my mothers amazon account. They work perfect even after a few years of frequent use(at least once a week). I've been quite careful with them, and they've never had a major drop, although there's been quite a few minor ones (ex: falling off my bed onto a carpet).The cracked plastic problem that some have reported has not been an issue for me, although I also double checked the tightness of the screws when they first arrived.My only complaint is cleaning them. Having ear wax build up over the course of many years is a common problem with headphones even if people keep their ears clean like I do. Taking off the ear-pads isn't difficult, but the metal covering the actual speaker can't be removed, and therefore is extremely challenging to clean.Every time any one of my friends mentions a desire to buy a set of headphones, I always mention these straight away. Nothing beats them for the price (with the possible exception of the Crossfade LP2. Their price has dropped to 130, but I've not tried them before)I also recently purchased an Mpow bluetooth wireless receiver to give them wireless capabilities, and they work perfectly with that as well.
too much noise leak and they are semi open (i am assuming) as they let in more noise than i was willing to accept. they were horrible for use on my commute on the train in the bus etc. i ended up selling them soon after i bought them and got the plantronics backbeat pro which i am immensely happy with. what i can say about the crossfade lp is that they are well built. probably the strongest pair of headphones i have ever owned and sound very good when there isn't much ambient noise.
I won't pretend that I know much about headphones. I got those on special on a friend's recommendation, and I have to admit that they are amazing.The sound of my Eagle's engines in Elite: Dangerous sounds so lifelike with these, and I can hear instruments that I didn't hear on my old earphones when listening to hard rock.Those earphone changed everything.
These headphones are great.  Not only are they really nice looking but the sound is awesome.  At first I was hesitant about the scaly design on the head band and ear cups, but when it arrived it looked very sharp.  The headphones feel very durable.  I've had them for about a month so far and they've survived my active life style and multiple pets. The head band part is very bendy and feels well made. I have already dropped these several time and nothing has happened so far. These are very adjustable and even fit my small head.  The case is nice and pretty compact.  I just wish it came with a handle.  I've worn these for a few hours at a time and they are very comfortable. Overall these headphones are in my opinion the best or one of the best for about 100$.
Of the headphones that I've owned, Denon AH-D 310R, Klipsch Image One & Status, RHA SA950, V-MODA's Crossfade LP offers the greater audio dynamic range of them all. While the V-MODA's noise isolation is second to the Klipsch Status. Both being analog - not digital - I found that the Klipsch Status reduces ambient noises a bit better. However the Crossfade's stereo ambiance, dynamic range - there does seems to be something to their "V-PORT" - and overall balance is much better. As well as not sounding muddy throughout it's audio range. Additionally I thought to purchase the V-MODA because of their OUT OF WARRANTY repair service (from v-moda's FAQ web page: "Yes, we can repair mechanical issues free of charge.") The Klipsch Status that I'd been using began "self destructing" after their warranty (2-years) expired. Because they're no longer being made, I couldn't get them repaired (Planned Obsolescence). The Crossfade LP's are the best made and best sounding headphones I've ever owned.
I was looking for a good pair of noise cancelling Bluetooth headphones. I've had a pair of Sony mdr nc7, nc8 and nakamichi nc40 (which I really liked but broke at a joint). So when I tried the Bose quietcomfort 25 I was very impressed with their noise cancelling! But no Bluetooth. I tried Bose Bluetooth headphones and was very impressed with sound and comfort but no noise cancelling. I heard Bose was working on putting both together but no date was set.What to do? Then I came across some used Bose Quietcomfort 15 headphones at a price I couldn't say no to!Very very comfortable and I love there sound. Build is decent but I also don't throw my headphones around and they stay in the case when they are not being used. The case is thin and tallish, easy to put in a briefcase. They are big enough for extra batteries, cords, adapters.I like having a removable cable and these have them but they are proprietary which I hate. Another negative is no battery, no sound. I consider this a big negative. This was fixed with the 25s.But wait - no Bluetooth!I was so impressed with the sound, the comfort and the price I just said, oh well. Then I discovered the BTunes Bluetooth headphone adapter. Works great. I'm all set now.I really enjoy these headphones. The sound is great, nicely balanced. The noise cancellation is the best available. Not the science fiction cone of silence but significantly lowers background noise mostly in the low range.I highly recommend these headphones. If they are close in price to the 25s I would get those headphones instead.
I got a pair of ANC7s, ANC9s, and Bose QC15s to compare. In my opinion the ANC7 is the best choice, and the cheapest too.The ANC9s are definitely more comfortable than the ANC7s, but in every other respect I like the ANC7s more. I found the ANC9s were not silent; there was a noticeable hiss when they were but no music was playing. In addition I found that the three modes that the ANC9 has did not make any discernible difference, so I prefer the simplicity of the ANC7s.I struggled at first to get the battery in the ANC9s. IMO they have a poorly designed battery holder which could get lost as it pulls out completely from the headphones; the ANC7 have a simpler and IMO better design where the headphone is simply rotated to expose the battery.I work in an open plan office with a fairly loud air conditioning system. When I turn the ANC7s on I get silence, unless someone is talking. Conversation is muted. The air conditioner noise is eliminated. What amazes me is when I take them off and I realize just how much noise the AC makes; you don't really get it because its a mostly white noise but it really is pretty loud. I can wear them for hours with no problem; I wouldn't say there is no discomfort (ANC9s win there) but they are better than most other headphones I have tried. In contrast, as I say, then ANC9s are *not* silent; they hiss, which is really annoying. I didn't feel the ANC9s were any better at noise cancellation than the ANC7s (the 9's are supposed to be 95% effective vs 90% for the 7's).The ANC9s seemed to have a slightly bigger and heavier case than the 7's, and are themselves heavier.I did not get to use the inline mic and volume controls of the ANC9s, which is a feature the 7's do not have. However, this is really just a feature of the cable, not the headphones; you could buy a third party cable for the 7's to enable the same feature.I also had a pair of Bose QC15s for a few days to try. They were even more comfortable (physically) than the ATs but of course quite a bit more expensive. They also didn't work for music unless turned on; the ATs do (but with some degradation in sound quality). The Bose headphones seemed flimsier. But the main problem with the Bose's is that they made my ears feel like they were suffering from a serious pressure equalization problem. Possibly a remnant from scuba diving days but my ears can be sensitive to this; I couldn't wear the Bose headphones for more than a few minutes without starting to feel pretty awful. I kept trying to equalize by pinching my nose and sucking/blowing but it didn't help; these suckers hurt and give me nausea.So in summary, very happy with the ANC7s - for the price these are fantastic. The ANC9s would be my second choice. The Bose are great if your ears can handle them (I can't) and if you don't mind running on battery all the time.
Hello!I review this because I wanted to inform other users about the scope of the "noise-cancellation".NOISE CANCELLATIONHonestly, the noise cancellation doesn't justify the price for me.It will never cancel out people talking (high frequencies, low frequencies, people snoring). I haven't found any situation where it does that. What it does though is cancelling the ambient noise, making you feel like underwater, with still some crisp white noise coming to your ears, which I found to be discomforting.CASE, HOLDAnd sadly, nothing else justifies the price. The case, hold and feel are not particularly good.SOUNDEspecially the sound is just light-years away from the satisfaction you get from a Sennheiser.BATTERIESI actually thought they broke, which would have been good news, but it was just the AAA that had worn off. After 2 months of "non-use" (and before I had used them for 2 hours maybe).Sadly, just changing batteries did the trick. But this points out how you just cannot use those headphones without batteries, and how they run out of juice rather fast. Of course, I was not handling the headphones well by forgetting the batteries in them.I would love to have my money back for this, but as I won't, I could maybe tell you not to buy them. If they cost 150$ less, maybe.Friendly greetings,Lionel
I've had these for just over a year and a half now and use them daily, and when I say daily, I mean at the very least once but on avg. 2-3 times for an hour or so. They are fantastic! I highly recommend buying them from Costco if you feel that they might fall apart like some other reviewers have said/shown. I personally have not had a single problem other than replacing batteries due to excessive use. ; )I'm no audio junkie, I couldn't tell you the exact Hrz that the bass feels like it's hitting at or the exact amount of OHMs. But what I can tell you is that I'm pretty picky about headphones and their quality of sound. If you only listen to music and nothing else, these are still good for you, but yes there are better. If you're like me and do a lot of everything, music, movies, tv, phone etc then these are really good all around headphones.PROS: Excellent sound quality, rich full bass, extremely comfortable over my ears, easy to use, nice case to carry it in, well madeCONS: Some wind noise interference from strong winds.
Buyer beware! After the fact they tell you at each use to take out the batteries.Only used about 2 hours,  I left battery in for few weeks and  attempted to turn it on, it would not turn on. So over the pone when I called about it they said that probably due to battery being left in it was not working!  VERY disappointed in the poor  low quality!!.I WILL  Never buy Bose again. ASK before you buy, what issues they have then might tell you!That was my 3rd one, the others had similar issues....very little use & they did not last. They want you to keep trading it in to buy yet another one. Better off renting one for the constant cost.
I've been using these for many months at work to focus in a noisy environment.  They cancel noise out much less significantly than I had expected.  They seem to be made to cancel out white noise from airplanes vs. insert white noise to cancel out nearby conversations.  The sound quality for music is very good.  I've already had to replace the cord used for iPhone's that includes a microphone; my mic stopped working.  It's been an expensive experience.
I have owned these since 2011.  Before you read another review, this is what you want to know.  Are these noise canceling, yes.  If someone next to me is talking while I am wearing these, will I hear them, yes.  How is the music quality, wonderful for you novice and intermidate audiophile.  How durable are these head phones, don't drop them, don't bang them around, don't immerse them in water.  I have treated these like these were super valuable and they have lasted 3 years of college abuse.  If you want the best ( yes I said it) passive noise canceling headphones, buy these.  The only other substitute is in-ear plugs with over ear hearing protection. Clean these with a soft cloth everyonce in awhile, if you feel your ears getting sweaty then take the headphones off and take a break.  The only issue I have ever had is if I don't them off for 15 or 30 seconds once every 30 to 45 minuets I will here a very slight different noise canceling sound ( which is clearly distinguishable when you been listening to the same noise).
The noise cancelling would be ok but the plastic bow is a nightmare. It's hollow inside and only about 1 mm wall thickness. It broke on the turning point without having done something special after 1 year. Can't recommend this product to nobody. Take a model with a better casing or you too will be sorry.
1) The too long connecing cable anchores itself to passrbys and whatever happens in its reach. Too bad it doesnt have a version for men who prefer to have their phones in their pockts and dont need a meter-long leash.  2) One of the  ear cushions came off and right now I have to pay to Amazon to buy a pair just because Bose did not make cushions with some retaining mechanism to stay secure on the ear piece.  3) The overhead yoke is just too big and though my head is quite big (Einstein's kind of head) it still leaves a huge gap/loop between the yoke and my  temples that a a small bird can get in and out without my knowing. What can't Bose make headphone yoke more telescopic to avoid the unwanted space?
I have been using the QC 15 for over 2 years, buy only periodically.  Sometimes at work the noise level gets too much, so I use them to listen to streaming music.  I can still hear the guy next to me, even with the music cranked so loud that it hurts, and he doesn't talk abnormally loud.  The NR isn't as good as advertised.Also, after minimal usage the foam inserts have started to deteriorate, and don't stay attached; they fall out every time I remove the headset.I think they are way overpriced for the cheap quality of the product.
I have had these for about two years now and they have really come in handy for myself and my wife.  They really do cancel out most background noise.  Great for long plane trips, vacuuming the floor, putting the other person's TV show off your radar as you browse the web, etc.  Pretty conspicuous for use in public places but when you have to have a break from what is happening with sound around you, these headphones work.  Sound quality for music is fine, as expected from Bose.
I got my QC almost 7 years ago and it still works like a charm. I use it almost every day. I use it at work, on planes, for leisure, etc. I've scratched it up and abused it to no end, but it still works like it was fresh out of the box. I love the detachable wire. I bent my first one accidentally but got it replace easily.I'd gladly pay double for something this high quality. I hope the new edition lives up to this ones reputation.
The only reason this product doesn't get five stars from me is the absolute arrogance at putting business cards in the headphone case for me to pass out to other people...are you kidding me! Arrogance beyond belief. How about offering a discount to do that? The product is great though.
These lasted me a solid 3 years of very heavy use. Physically, they look fabulous. Now they are slowly breaking. The left ear always emits static sounds, and the right ear sometimes does not work.Despite this, the headphones were fantastic! They have spoiled me in sound quality. I do not regret getting them!
As a college student who spends a lot of time studying, I was looking for a comfortable, well-functioning, and durable pair of noise reduction headphones that would not skimp on sound quality or break the bank. After trying several other brands, I bought the Bose QuietComfort 15 Acoustic Noise Cancelling headphones. I have now owned the QuietComfort 15 for over a year and have been very impressed with the comfort, noise reduction quality, and durability that these headphones have.One of the most important qualities of a good pair of headphones is comfort; two crucial components of comfort are padding and breathability. The Bose QuietComfort 15 headphones have padded leather ear cushions and a padded leather headset that together make the headphones very comfortable to wear and helps create a seal from outside noise; however, it does make wearing the headset for more than an hour at a time hard because the lack of air flow makes your ears hot and sweaty. This easily can be avoided though by simply taking the headphones off every hour to let them air out.Another important category is how well the noise cancelling functions. With just the noise cancelling feature on, most of the outside noise is cut out with only some sounds penetrating in. If light music is played in addition to the noise cancelling feature, almost all of the outside noise disappears. In addition, many noise reduction headphones produce poor quality sound but that is not the case with the Bose QuietComfort 15; both the sound quality and the noise reduction capacity are exceptional. Being a college student who often studies in loud areas, I could not imagine studying without them.One last category to consider is durability. Although the headphones are reasonably priced, they still are an investment and before buying them it is smart to make sure they will be able to withstand everyday use. The headphones are made of a thick plastic that creates great support but is also lightweight enough to not be a pain to wear. The earpiece joints are well braced and the leather is of high quality so that tears are unlikely. They come with a carrying case to help prevent damage when they are not in use and have a one year warranty to protect against malfunctions. I have used the headphones for several hours every day and they have not started to show any wear at all, resulting in me being greatly pleased with how well they have held up.Overall, the Bose QuietComfort 15 Acoustic Noise Reduction headphones deserve a 5 out 5 star rating for its premium comfort, exceptional noise cancelling functionality, and reliable durability. If you are looking for a great noise reduction headphone, I highly recommend giving these a try.
I will acknowledge most of my disappointment may be due to ignorance of the product.  I was desperate for headphones that would keep out sound, to protect me from the rude people at work.  I guess I did not research well-enough what "noise cancelling" means.  When I got them and put them on, I could still hear everything around me, but the sound had a different quality.  Due to laziness, I did not return in time so I had to keep them, and have made them work, by plugging in to computer and playing Pink noise.  At a high enough level all the idiots around me are drowned out.  But I would much rather have silence than static.  $2.99 safety earplugs work great to drown out all co-worker rudeness, and you can move around your workstation instead of being tethered to the CPU by these Bose headphones, but the safety earplugs are very painful.  Life sucks.
3 pair of Bose so far in the family, very happy with them, I'm no Audiophile, but I think they sound great, and for the reason I buy them, mainly for taking me away from the planes I'm on, they are Perfect!!Update, just bought a 3rd pair of the QC15's, in my mind their the best noise reduction for me, but like I said I am no Audiophile, I'm sure there's people who would disagree with me. I just love the affect they have on my time on the plane, we even just got my 76 year old Mother a pair, and she just loved them!!
This is the first bose product I bought.  It broke within a year.  Not being a very smart man, I purchased 2 more bose products and they similarly failed within a year.  So how did this one kick the bucket?  Well it turns out most bose products are held together by superglue, tape, and wishful thinking.  This thing took a fall from my standing desk once, and the plastic part that swivels snapped apart.  This is unsurprising because there is a very tiny amount of surface area for the component that attaches the speaker to the rest of the headset.  Add the fact that the component can turn and swivel, and you've got a bomb waiting to explode.  I wouldn't recommend buying a bose product unless you are willing to apply superglue to fix it after it breaks.  For this product specifically, you might choose to superglue it to your head instead, to minimize stress on the moving parts.
The left ear pad broke within a month of purchase. I generally take very good care and do not handle my electronics (or any goods) disagreeably. My neighbors upstairs are very noisy folks, and i invested a lot in this headset. Was really low when the ear pad fell apart. Other than that, it user-experience has been average. I am only continuing to use it since i spent so much on it.
Fantastic noise-canceling technology, and great sound - it's the durability that's the issue. I am a frequent, frequent traveler - and I use them a LOT. I don't particularly think I sweat much and I know I haven't gotten them wet - but the ear cups basically disintegrated (the black leather) after about 2 years of use, and kept leaving black rings around my ears/on my face - then, both black ear pad cups started just "falling out" of the ear cup holders, and wouldn't stay in - almost like they "shrunk".  One expects better durability & quality for this type of cost!
Not good noise cancellation.  Perhaps they are just "OK" for high frequency noise.  However, for other noises, i,e, voice conversions, music (at normal volume levels) Bose QC-15 does not meet my expectations at all - very poor in my opinion.  For benefits received, I believe the unit is way over priced and over hiped.  My experience was very poor and I am returning the product for a refund.
I purchased this headset August 2014.  I have used this headset on 5 - 10 flights.  I purchased this item for plane travel only, this headset is only used for that purpose.  They work very well, the only drawback you cannot listen to any audio when the unit is turned off, other than that I am very pleased. I gave this item a 4 star rating, would have given a 5 star rating; however, the unit does not provide any audio when turned-off.  I believe the replacement headset does offer the ability to listen to music when the noise cancelling feature is turned off.  Other than that I am very pleased with what I got.  When not in use this headset is stored in it's case with the battery removed.I will state before I purchased this headset I read the reviews about the headset falling apart; after limited use I have not experienced this issue/ problem.
These headphones are great. The noise-cancelling is awesome. I can still hear someone talk, but I cannot hear the fans on my tower system. Great for focusing on coding. At first, I regretted not getting the wireless version, but now I think I made the right choice, as wireless has issues of its own. This unit lasts about a week or so on a single AAA-battery, and let's you know the battery's dead with a sort of "popping" sound. Just keep a package of fresh batteries near your desk & you'll be fine.
These really block out the sound.  If the person next to you is talking really loud it still gets through, but significatly diminished.  Almost all the background noise is drowned out. Very comfortable, use it almost everyday and have to change the battery every 2 or 3 months.Have not tried the iphone cable yet.  AS far as sound quality not bad, could use some more bass.
I ordered these for my boyfriend, and a pair of Audiotecnica noise-cancelling headphones (a travel model that folds up) for myself. These ones are far more comfortable, and seem to cover more of the ear and keep out other sounds much better, both of which are important on long flights. The other pair fits better in my bag, but if you're not backpacking, these are the better investment.
The headphones themsleves and the case are fine, however they sent me an off-brand knock off audio cord to go with them, so they are practically unusable. They don't work at all really with any device using the audio cord it came with, however when I tried them with a friend's BOSE audio cord (which is what these should have come with) they worked fine. Pretty dissapointing. Looking to get a refund.
It is almost 3 years I use this headset most of the days. The are very good quality in terms of audio, yet the plastics around the headphones itself started to detach after few months. I always placed that in the original case and never exposed to direct sun or heat, neither other mechanical stress... Bose should fix the plastic issues in the ear areas.
These are a traveler's dream. I have owned my pair for over a year. And while the price was quite steep, I would buy them again in a heartbeat. These things have made long-haul flights bearable. I use mine both during travel and daily while working. They don't cancel all the noise but cut a substantial amount of it.
lots of products out there but this is superb.  I have hyperacusis which makes me super sensitive to noise---this is a life saver on planes, in noisy restaurants, big open spaces like COSTCO or areas with background music.  I can hear well when wearing them but it knocks the irritating noise level down to a tolerable level----pure heaven!!!  Also have the new travel earbuds version and never leave home without them.  Worth the price---quality is outstanding.
I use it on planes, road trips and sometimes to sleep. The battery should last about 14 hours.  Comfortable for extend use.  Carrying case is nice.  The audio cables seem a little fragile but are still chugging along.  Removes just about all loud/constant noises such as rumbling or whines of engines while leaving voices slightly muffled but still perfectly audible.  Wish it could silence crying kids on planes but I switch to regular earplugs for that.
Amazing sound. Fantastic noise cancelling, yet able to hear people speaking with me.I use mine in the gym all the time. The only 'flaw' that I can find is that they can be a bit on the bulkier side. When I am laying down on a bench, I have to make sure that they are secure to my head or else they can slip off.Use them in the gym ,on planes, or when working and I want quiet.Steep price, but worth it-they work!
The noise cancelling ability of these headphones is simply unmatched, and I've tried many brands. However, the audio quality of these is positively mediocre, and I'm not an audiophile. I'm regularly deflated by it, but I use them regularly to demo quiet sounds on a noisy show floor and it excels at that specific use case so I'm still thankful for them.It'd be 5 stars if they did two things. 1) Improve the sound quality. 2) Allow audio pass-through if the batteries go out (currently you get no audio).And guess what! Those two things are solved with the QuietComfort 25 model, which I now also use for demoing. It's truly incredible what they've done. I would highly recommend getting the 25s over the 15s. It's easily worth an extra $50.
Fantastic Headphones, probably the best I have ever had the pleasure of wrapping my head with! I wish the cord was a more durable rubber flex one like the sennheiser pc350, but it is a replaceable cors, so I can't complain!The only complaint I have is that the price went $20 cheaper shortly after I purchased it... always seems to be my luck when buying tech...still.. awesome condition and sound!
The QC15 are awesome. Over there ear comfort. While Bose is expensive, well worth it. They are clear and once you turn them on and play music quietly you can barely hear anything that is going on around you. Definitely good for flying BUT you must be playing something for it to work well.
If I could give this 10 stars I would. Extremely comfortable - fits over the ear, not on it. The noise cancelling feature is heavenly when one is on a plane. Should have done this years ago. Very lightweight and not bulky enough to be a problem on a plane. Batteries last for numerous flights.
These would have saved my ears... I now have a ringing in them because of my frequent travel, and cranking up the volume to listen to pod casts. Hear that folks!?!? DO NOT LISTEN TO PODCAST ON A PLANE without noise cancelling headphones. I leave them on my head for the whole flight now, even if they are unplugged.
Love these, so much that I bought a pair for both my wife and me. We use them every time we fly. Sure does help with screaming babies, gossiping neighbors, and overall is great for being able to enjoy my music more. Best of all, jet lag seems to be a thing of the past.
These Bose headphones are superb... especially for traveling and for those who work in a noisy office environment.  I bought my first pair in 2005 and they still work great and only the padding around the ear shows any wear and tear... I still use them everyday and only bought this pair as a gift.  I had tried several other noise cancelling headphones before shelling out the $$$ for the Bose and the quality/comfort just don't compare.
I usually like to have a product for a while before reviewing in order to not be swayed by the "honeymoon phase". I own a pair of V-Modas and Koss PortaPros but was inclined to get these to drown out the resident blowhard at work who also happens to be a former opera singer. Once I realized none of the headphones I had was going to drown out her incessant yapping, I got these. Best "peace of mind" purchase I've made in years.One of my biggest concerns with headphones is weight. These are light enough to wear all day long without any kind of head or ear fatigue/soreness. The sound is incredible, as expected...when playing songs, I hear instruments that I never heard while wearing my other headphones. The "whoosh" you hear when you turn them on is as psychologically comforting to me as the actual music that gets played through them; that lets me know that everything else around me has been shut out and I can focus on my work.I have one major complaint about these which I think is worthy of deducting a star (or at the very least a half star)...there is no auto shutoff. So if you turn them on and leave them on overnight, be prepared to replace the battery the next morning. I would think with all of the modern technology we have there would be some way to shut them off if there's no signal coming from a source. My thinking is that if you can add volume control for Apple/iPod users, you can add functionality to cut these off after 5 or 10 minutes of no signal.So, in summary:PROS:+ Incredible sound+ Well packaged (carrying case is low profile and offers pretty good protection)+ Does a very good job of minimizing background sound+ Comes with all the fixings (extra cord, airplane headphone adapter, etc.)CONS:- No auto shutoff- Eats through batteries- Clicking sound when battery runs down is annoying (minor)
Fantastic noise cancelling capabilities.  Any constant noise is eliminated.  Voices not as much, but turn on some music and you're in your own world.  I can't compare against any competitors since I haven't tried them, but the reviews when I bough this indicated it had the best noise-cancelling qualities.  I occasionally forget to turn off the switch and it runs through a battery, so I recommend getting some eneloop batteries and a lacross bc700 charger, so you don't feel like you're wasting money on batteries.
Expensive, but effective.  I haven't found a better set.  Cancels most background noise.  It won't save you from someone shouting nearby.  The plug wears out fast, but is detachable and therefore replaceable.  I go through about 1 AAA battery a month.  I can't leave it on for extended periods because even when it isn't playing it is canceling noise.  I end up with a pressure headache.  Sound quality is very good.
I purchased the Bose QuietComfort 15 to replace a three year old pair of Audio Technica ANTH-A7s. My first impressions of the Bose QC15 were that the build quality was sub par for a nearly $300 pair of headphones. They feel very weak and use cheap plastic where the earcups swivel. The case came with a business card slot that was full of Bose business cards, not sure what that was about, as if I was going to hand them out. The sound quality was good, however and far exceeded by Audio Technicas in that area. The noise cancelling was a mixed bag. It was far superior to both the Audio Technicas and a pair of Sennheiser 450 I tried. However, the noise cancelling made me feel nauseous. Every time I turned it on I immediately felt "pressure" on my ears and felt extremely dizzy. Not sure if it was a defect or if I was sensitive to the frequency they use for the noise cancelling. In either case I returned the QC15 and despite the dizziness I would not recommend these headphones due to the cheap build quality. They do sound good, but I tried a pair of the Parrot Zik's (1st Edition) and love them. They have Bluetooth, auto on and off, and superior sound quality to the Bose and are currently on sale for $299.
its pricey and doesnt really look all that expensive but it does work quite well in airplanes or to cancel out the freezer or a/c. the sound is quite good and it is comfortable to wear. you need a battery though, also the case is a little big for carry on luggage.
These headphones are a lifesaver while travelling, especially for the family member who is has hearing difficulties. The last time we took a long flight, a family member couldn't watch a movie because he couldn't hear the dialogue over the plane engines. The noise cancelling headphones block out everything else, so he can hear the movie, or just wear them while trying to sleep. They are definitely worth the investment!
I had doubt before I purchase it, but I am now convinced it is one of the best noise cancelling phones to use on flight. I did not write this review until I lost mine on a flight several months ago. It reminds me how much I miss it, so I wrote the review.  Aside from the noise canceling future, the sound is okay.I also have a pair of Harman Kardon NC Premium. It is not on par in terms of the noise canceling compared to Bose and Bose is also lighter to wear during long flights. One thing I like HK better is that it does not require battery for listening to music, but Bose 15 requires to be powered.  You can always carry extra AAA batteries in the case in that case.If you are looking primarily for the noise canceling feature, look no further. Bose has it.
one of the reasons I got this was for the AAA battery use.  I can carry spares and change them as needed.  no need to open the unit or send it back a year or two later.  I hate built-in perma-batteries!  this one uses regular old AAA and the LSD batteries (low self discharge, eneloop style) work great with this.  the battery hinge does worry me a bit as I can see it wearing out and breaking some time.  I've read that bose does not sell a replacement for the battery door, so be careful with it!  that's the one major weakness on this.  one minor complaint I have is that the volume level can't be changed once you insert the jack adapter in the phones body.  you have to remove it to change the hi/low volume switch.  that was a strange design decision!  the fit is fine, though, and I'm able to wear it for hours before needing to take them off.  sound is ok (not high end but not low end, either).  sound cancellation is good.  not best-in-class but still very good and quite beneficial.
I can't recommend these headphones: They pick up a TON of interference. I can't use them in some environments because my music will be interrupted by the clicking and buzzing. They also chew through batteries like no other. Leave them on overnight and they'll be near dead by morning. Oh, and the cord is awful short.When they do work as intended, it's pretty blissful. Comfy fit, static is canceled out. The cancellation felt a bit weird to my ears at first, but I got used to it quickly.
