Perfect sound quality for the price. Great balance between frequencies (unlike many headphones out there, yes beats that's you, which have an insane unnatural base that pollutes all other frequencies). Awesome clarity. Fits nicely on my head. I could listen for hours without problem. I even go running with it and it will not fall off.  Absolute go to choice if you are a student like me who cares about you music but only have a sub-300 budget.
What can I say. After weeks of looking at so many headphones from so many companies. This is the best. Looked at wireless and all the different Bose, Beats, and others but the value was right here.So far works great as over ear for sound reduction. Works well with Samsung VR. Amazon Prime Music sounds true and not excessive base as others sounded when trying them out in person.Sure you could pay way more, but sound and detachable cords (multiple included), easy to fold and carry, make this so easy to pick in the end
I bought these when I was recommend them as an alternative to my Sony MDR-V6's, while they have a fuller sound than the V6, I feel like the bass on these is slightly overshadows the rest of the sound, which is fine. They sound pretty good, and I really like the detachable cable. The reason for the two stars and ultimately why I did not like the headphones is because they have a lot of clamping force compared to the V6 and hurts my head. Maybe I have a larger head or perhaps I'm a wuss, but either way it made the headphones unwearable for me.
I use these for both gaming and music. When I use these for music I feel as though I can hear every amount of bass that I wanted to. I hear just about everything clearly and can really get "deep" into the music. I also love these headphones for gaming. When I'm playing a stealth game where I have to listen for sound in any given direction it really helps and I feel like I can hear everything that is surrounding me in-game.Although I haven't used all of the cables that have come with it I love the fact that the cables lock into the headphones. Getting the cable stuck (like wrapped around the arm of a chair, etc) will probably cause the cable to rip out of the headphones and do some damage so you have to watch out for that. The pouch that it comes with is great for carrying the cables that it comes with, but isn't for the headphones so you will need to get a case specifically for the headphones if you want to carry them around safely.The headphones cover my ears very comfortably and I feel like I could wear them all the time.  I would definitely recommend them to others.
they are what people say they are very flat with a slight bump to the highs. they have almost no physical bass its heard but not felt. they have good detail and surround i can close my eyes and accurately point out where a sound come from but asides from being great studio monitors its not great at much else. it does play nice with a eq but turning up the bass causes extreme distortion. they work great on a phone but amp really well with the fiio e6 almost to a fault since it can be really easy to distort these headphones. my biggest cons tho are comfort . the pads are thin and get very hot for long hours of use causing my ears to sweat. the top padding could have used a little more padding and the way the cable connection juts down from the left ear is annoying since it makes it hard to lean my head left also the mobile cable not having a 6.3 connector set up like the other cables is dumb since ii not have a mass of excess cable on my desk. another minor thing i dislike about them is the have lost alot of their clamping force on my head to where if i lean my head back they will fall off my ears or the band will slip backwards
These headphones are top notch in my opinion.When I wear them for long periods of times, though, my ears start to get a bit sore from either the size of the headphone or how tight it pushes against your head - however these qualities aren't bad things. I just have large ears.The quality is phenomenal. If you have everything set at full volume, with these around your neck with the ear cups pointed up it sounds like you're wearing the headset. That's how good these are.If you're comparing these to anything else under $200 these are probably better.
I really do enjoy these headphones. For build quality, I think that they are pretty sturdy. I am very careful with how I handle them and I purchased a case for them as well, so I can't speak for drops and rough use but for general use from day to day, they are good.Sound: for the average person, I think they sound amazing. They are closed back headphones, so they focus heavy on centering the music on your ears and this create a "noise canceling" appearance, though they aren't noise canceling. I think the mids, lows, and highs are pretty balanced. Me personally, I can turn the volume up on most songs and it not get distorted. I will mention that these are not bass heavy, so for those wanting that, look elsewhere.I've had them for a month, and so far I'm impressed. Still testing them but i don't think I will return them.
Headphone is a little large for my ears but still very cool outlook and very good sound quality. I like the locking feature. Even though the headphone doesn't block out much noise but it isn't a noise cancelling headphone so I don't blame it for it. I used to have bose qc20 headphone, it is a lot better than m50x for noise cancelling but m50x is better when I am in a quiet environment. I bought both this one and the navy one, I prefer this one.
Well made, good quality sound.  Very good value.These are over-the-ear, and on the large side (which is normal).  The coloration makes them a little bit flashy.  If you are not into that, then just get the black colored version of these.  The audio cable is super long, so it should suit most purposes.  Comes with a little carrying bag (not a case, just a bag).As I stated above, these are good value as the sound quality is equal to headphones costing at least $50 more.
I have been in the hunt for a nice set of over ear headphones for a while. After doing lots of research and thanks to the guys at thewirecutter.com I made the jump and bought the m50s. It's amazing the amount of detail you miss with standard headphones. Next step is a portable amp. I am 110% satisfied with my purchase and suggest these to anyone looking for a quality set of cans.
Incredible headphones. Period. I'm not a professional music producer or anything, but have heard enough headphones to know just how good these are. Best headphones under $ 200? Absolutely. Sound is very crisp, bass is tight, and they seem to be pretty durable so far. They do get a little warm on my ears, but I only notice it when I take them off so it never bothers me. I did get the white ones for a couple reasons but the white is definitely a little much as I feel kinda weird wearing them in public. They aren't noise cancelling, but they do create a seal around your ears so I would say around 75% of noise is blocked out which I feel is a great balance because you can hear enough to tell if someone is talking to you.
The sound quality of these headphones is astonishing. I've spent the last few years buying 50 dollar headphones and never really found any I was happy with long term. These headphones change everything, and I am so happy I coughed up the extra dough to buy these.Pros:Sound good on a phone:These headphone are the first full size cans I've owned that actually sound excellent when played through something like a phone. With previous cans I always craved more bass when playing through my phone, and smaller earphones were the only ones sensitive enough to provide that. But these cans solve the problem in two ways: 1. Detailed, accurate sound makes everything sound clean and wonderful including the bass allowing me to run these at much lower volume and be completely satisfied. 2. These have very high sensitivity allowing them to produce the same perceived volume as earphones when set to the same setting on my phone.Another benefit of these cans is they are tuned perfectly (to my tastes) for music listening, which means EQ adjustments are not needed. The bass and treble are boosted just enough for music listening while still maintaining a very balanced sound across the board. This is in contrast to some cans which may provide a very flat even sound across the frequency range, but the lack of bass and treble make EQ adjustments necessary for the best music listening enjoyment. Since I plan to use these with all my devices including some which have very limited/zero EQ options, this is a huge plus for me.Very good build quality:The pictures do not do these cans justice, very high quality feel to them with a little bit of heft to them. These cans feel very solid and I am confident they will last. I love the low key understated design, not flashy and no glossy surfaces. I was worried that the use of plastic would make these feel cheap, but that is not the case at all.Very comfortable:The articulation on the ear cups on these is perfect, the tightness of the headband is just enough to provide great sound isolation without being uncomfortable.Cons:Would have liked to seen standard 3.5 jacks on the headphone, unfortunately it looks like you will be stuck using the cables included with the headphones as these are not compatible with standard 3.5 male to male cables. With that said, having 3 cable options included is awesome and they feel like durable cables (time will tell).Overall I am thrilled with these headphones and recommend them to anyone looking at full size cans. If you can't afford these now, it is worth the wait to save up and buy these, as these sound SO much better than cheaper cans and I suspect they will last much longer too.
Old cheap headphones, died, got a recommendation from an audio-phile friend that these had excellent sound AND were comfortable to wear all day which was a priority as I work in a multi-tenant office and use music to drown out the noise.Love these headphones, not a single complaint.  But be warned, they require a proprietary locking cable connector on the headphone side of the connection, so don't lose or break your cables or you need to buy from them.
I've only had these four a little under a day and I already like them more than the QuietComforts I have been using. They're comfortable enough to wear for prolonged periods. Thiugh they don't have a passive noise cancelling feature, they block out enough physical sound to be compared to the other noise cancelling headphones for the same price. They came highly recommended by a DJ I know, and I can see why.
I bought these as an inexpensive alternative to the ATH-MR7 headphones, which I bought a few months ago. As much as I love the MR7s, I'm not sure I'd want to ride the New York subway with them on. In addition to being much less expensive, the ATH-M50x has a much more flexible design that allows them to be folded into a more compact form for travel. That said, they use a non-standard locking 2.5mm headphone jack that requires use of the proprietary cords that come with the headphones. Designed as a studio monitor, these phones were not intended for use with a smart phone and the supplied cords lack even a microphone, let alone controls. Suitable replacement cords are available from third parties, however, so that is not a significant issue.My quibble with these cans, however, is in sound quality. Although I would agree that the sound is exceptional for the price, There are other headphones in the price range that are nearly as good, and with a frequency response that is more to my taste. The high end of these is much better than most of the competition, but it's not in the same league as the ATH-MR7s. I find the bass response of the ATH-M50x, however, to be excessive and boomy - not something I was expecting from a studio monitor. Don't get me wrong - these are excellent headphones, but not nearly as exceptional as all the reviews would lead you to believe.
Sound is extraordinary. Using it with Fiio Amplifier even with full volume it never distorted. Sound is crystal clear. These headphones are very powerful. You can hear the sound coming out of these beasts like a mini stereo speakers at high volume when the headphones are placed on table. But at the same time when you put this back on head it isolates the sound very well. There is no sound leakage and the noise isolation is way better than other closed headphones. It is portable and you can use it on public transit without disturbing others sitting next to you.BASS is punchy and deep when it driven from good audio source and amp. Bass is heavy compared to open back headphones at the same time it not over emphasize the mids and highs. Very clean sound. I always use and prefer my 200 rupees AWEI Q3 in ear headphones if i only want to hear bass heavy tracks.Sound stage is not that good. I am also using Sennheiser hd 598. Those are open back headphones not bass heavy but having wide sound stage. After hearing hd 598 these headphones are not up to the mark when listening the music involved with lot of instruments. Instrument separation is lagging but it depends on each taste if you like to listen bass heavy genre like EDM , Rock or Trance these are very good. If you are the type of Classical music listener hd 598 is very very good.This headphones are not that bassy headphones which surpass the other part of the music. It is well balanced. Flat response like it is made for studio monitor headphones but still bass heavy. I like the high volume crisp and bass on this headphones. HD 598 is good on Wide soundstage and instrument separation. Over all i am very much satisfied with both these headphones. Advantage of M50x is it is made for all type of music.Do not crank the volume always try to listen with good audio source and volume at <60%Comfortable is good. Build quality is very good and Sound quality is way more worth than the money we paid. Three detachable cables are very good options with leather pouch but package is disappointed comes with open box not sealed. Since i do not want to affect the product review rating i gave 5 stars. Overall Bang for Bucks...
I got this as a Christmas gift and this was one of the three over-ear headphones I was asked to choose from (the others were the Sennheiser Urbanite XL and the Bose SoundTrue Around Ear) under $200. I got this today and I've been loving it ever since. I just had no idea what I was missing when I listened to regular in-ear headphones that usually came with my smartphone. I highly recommend this. The only setback--which I knew about before I made my choice--is that it doesn't have the capability of answering calls and what-not. I chose to have amazing sound quality over that small feature--and I totally don't regret it!
I have used these headphones almost on a daily basis for the past 2 years and they still work great. The ear pads are just now starting to wear down, and that's after very rigorous use. I would recommend these to anyone. I use them for listening to music or tv shows on my laptop, talking on the phone, listening to audiobooks, and playing videogames with friends. I can hear a lot more detail in games when I have these headphones on than through tv speakers. Also the included microphone cable works on a ps4 controller for party chats and in game chat. The buttons don't do anything on the ps4 but the mic works. The volume buttons don't work on my Samsung Galaxy S5, but the middle button works to play/pause music and audiobooks, and answer/end calls. There is a switch on the end of the cable that plugs into the headphones to make the input loud or quieter, which is great when plugging into something that won't turn down low enough to not still be extremely loud (like my old cd player)
Why did I pay a first world price for Third world quality.  These are a joke.  First I had to replace the cable that goes from the headphones to the computer or smart phone twice.  Then the material on the headband started peeling off.  Now the material the enclosed the ear cups is splitting.  I have owned 3 sets of Bose QC headphones.  One would think the quality would improve as they roll out newer models but that is not the case.  In addition to the headphones falling apart the case that comes with them is flimsy and poorly designed  Fortunately I kept the original case which had pockets for batteries and is well made.Reading other reviews people explain how to order new ear cups to replace cups that are disintegrating.  Why should  I pay $35 for something when the original product was so poorly made.  I think Bose should replace these. IIn any case if they do not get on top of their quality issues they will no longer have the reputation for good products they have enjoyed in the past.
I have had a pair of the Bose QuietComfort 15 Acoustic Noise Cancelling headphones for over 2 years now and they are still going strong.POSITIVES* Effective noise cancelling feature(I always take my pair on road trips and airplanes, plus sometimes I've fallen asleep due to the quietness given)* Extremely comfortable(I could go hours wearing these and never feel claustrophobic at all, having large ears comfort is sometimes at stake but these fit very nicely)*Durable(I have gone through a lot with these headphones and they haven't really shown any damage)NEGATIVES*Music is limited to battery life(These headphones require the battery to be on in order to play any sound)*When power gets low the headphones make a popping noise that temporarily disrupts the audio(Worsens as battery life fades)*You sacrifice some music quality for comfort*If the cord gets loose certain ranges of frequencies are slurred(At least from what I've noticed)
I am not a music lover or a passion for fine quality Audio. Just wanted a noise cancelling audio that is good. First I had got aBeats Executive Over-Ear Noise Cancelling Headphones (Black). That one was also good but subsequently broke it. At the time, This product was sold in Costco and so got it.I Kind of liked it better than Beats. For one, it is lighter than the Beats, The battery is lasting way longer . Since it is lightweight, able to wear longer than the other one. As for as Noise Cancelling and sound clarity , both were good.
Wow... this technology is clearly remarkable. Yeah, they are expensive, but if you got the money, they are worth it. It's amazing how it cuts out nearly all repetitive background noise. They are perfect on a plane. You can actually hear your music/movie without turning it up so loud it blows your eardrums out. You'd be surprised how useful they are in the house even. There is a lot of background noise in my house that I was not even really aware of until I put these on. Air vents, fans, wind outside, running water, computer running, and so forth. It's all nearly silenced by these. It's even more interesting that on a plane, it cuts out so much of the background white noise that you can actually hear people talking to you better than before! I always figured it would cut out ALL noise so you couldn't hear anything outside of the earphones, but that's not true. It doesn't totally cut out voices. I'm not sure if that's a pro or a con. If you have an annoying gf/bf that won't leave you alone while you're trying to watch a movie, it might be a con.They are comfortable. I was able to wear them for 2 or 3 hours with very little discomfort. I saw one complaint about the durability of the headphones. I admit, they aren't built like a tank, but they seem durable enough. I'm guessing some loss of durability was needed to keep them lightweight and comfortable.They only work if you have a working AAA battery in it. But the battery lasts a very long time. I think I have run it 15+ hours and the battery still didn't die.So... if you fly a lot, get these. If your house is noisy, get these. If your significant other won't stop talking... well, you might want to go with something else.
One of my better investments. I bought them for use when flying but I found they were awesome for noise cancelling on the 4th of July. Turned on some music on one kindle, read a book on another kindle, put the headphones on and totally forgot the noise outside. Too bad headphones couldn't be made for animals.
I read so many glowing reviews. I was expecting fantastic noise cancelling. I am not impressed.The noise cancelling is not that much better than my $70 Audio Technica earbuds. The construction of the earpiece mounts looks weak. The battery compartment seems flimsy. For as much as these cost, they should be better. I returned them for a refund.
My husband asked for a set of these and I was pretty shocked by the cost when I went to order them.  He travels a lot, though, so he insisted that he would get a lot of use out of them.  He absolutely loves them for travelling because they are comfortable and really do cancel the noise in planes.  When we recently flew to Spain he suggested that I use his noise cancelling headphones during the flight and, although I'm not a fan of bulky headphones, I thought they were worth a try.  I can't believe the difference.  I'm scared of flying and these are great becaause they really do make you feel like you are in the comfort of your home listening to a movie or music.  You can't hear any of the airplane noises or anyone speaking to you.  Incredibly, they also barely feel like they are there becaause they are so comfortable.There is a reason that American Airlines hands these out to Business Class passengers - they are incredible.  I would love to buy a set for myself too but I don't travel that often so instead my husband has suggested that I buy him the new generation of these headphones so that he can give me his.  Of course, I'll be trading with him on every flight but at least then we'll feel like it was money well spent, which these definitely are for anyone who travels often.
These have worked great on my plane flights, and the batteries last about 15x as long as in my old Beats.  This order comes with a case, so you don't have to buy it separately.  They are fairly lightweight, and they don't leave your ears sweaty...it's just hard to sleep against the wall of the plane with them on because they are too bulky for that...and I can't sleep on my back.
A gift for my hubby. He loves these. We've had the first two models. This one takes regular batteries - yeah! Nothing like getting on the plane to find out you forgot to charge the headphone. Oh wait, you don't have to bc it takes regular batteries!  Best noise canceling yet!
After using an old pair that a friend had laying around for a few weeks, I finally gave in and invested in a pair of these myself. Full disclosure: I have not tried any other noise-cancelling headphones, so this review is not a comparative analysis but more a straightforward assessment of this product alone.Sound Quality: 5/5These really have ruined all other headphones for me. The sound quality is great -- I listen to a pretty vast array of music and have always been pleased with their performance. Again, I don't have any other products of similar quality to compare them to, but coming from the traditional iphone earbuds, these are an exponential improvement.Noise Canceling: 4.5/5I am currently in grad school and stuffed into an office with five other (uncharacteristically personable and chatty) scientists. Generally, if I just want to sort of dim out the noise, I find the noise cancelling itself to be pretty sufficient. You can still here aimless chatter or keyboard strokes in the background, but it's so much easier to tune out. If, however, you play music (even softly), the noise cancelling drastically improves. I find that I can work away in my own little world for a few hours with much less distraction when I am wearing these. I have also worn these a few times on airplanes -- they do a great job of cancelling out the roaring of engines and whatever else makes airplanes unbearably loud.Comfort: 4.7/5That brings me to my next topic...I generally wear these for hours at a time and have not had any problems with discomfort. My only annoyance is that they kind of squeeze my glasses against the sides of my head, so I usually end up taking the glasses off after a bit. This might be something that is pretty typical of any headphone, though. I have a reasonably-sized head, and don't find them to be too tight or anything like that, and I have never experienced headaches or pain from these. In a typical day I will wear them anywhere from an hour to maybe four to five hours, and mostly just forget I have them on after a while. Additionally, after six months of nearly daily wear, they have not lost any of their "springy-ness" and still fit to my head just fine.Battery life: 4.5/5I use these a lot (almost daily) and change the battery every few weeks or so. Batteries are expensive and annoying BUT my personal feelings about them aside, I think these headphones have a pretty good power lifetime.Carrying case: 5/5Not sure how important this really is, but the case is small but with a surprising amount of space for other things. I usually throw a few extra batteries in the little zipper pocket, and sometimes even cram my phone into the case without any issue.In general, I use these as my go-to office or home headphones. As a daily-use product, I find these to be excellent.
Pros:excellent battery lifecomfortable fitgood noise cancellationgood quality soundgreat travel caseCons:Not wireless (wish I could find a Bluetooth edition.)Unable to use the headphones without noise cancellation (sometimes I need to be interrupted)I haven't yet found a great pair of wireless noise cancellation headphones but for wired headphones, these are really enjoyable. If I could still use them and be able to turn off noise cancellation, I'd easily give this a fifth star. Not disappointed at all in the purchase though!
Quality headphone and speaker brands that come to mind will often have Bose near the top of that list. The Bose QuietComfort 15 headphones definitely fall under the quality. The headphones definitely live up to their name in the quiet and comfort categories. You will hear mids and highs in songs that will redefine the word clear. Even the bass in these headphones is impressively done. It is not to the level of the competitor Beats by Dre, but it is also not so dull that it can hardly be noticed. A feature users will find impressive is the battery life. I have owned a pair of these headphones for a year and a half and have never had to replace the single, triple a battery more than once per month. The user has the luxury of being able to forget to turn off the headphones and then come back to them later without the battery having run completely out.Users will find this pair of headphones rather comfortable. They are light and fit nicely on the ears and head. The headphones are noise cancelling when music is being played at a comfortable level to the user; with this being said, sound does not leak so much as the competing Beats headphones do.The one negative a user may find is that the headphones are not completely noise cancelling unless music is playing at a decent level. What is nice though is that when wearing the headphones without music playing, sound is significantly dampened. It becomes quiet enough to where one could fall asleep.
Deadens noise from external sources. I can detach my cord when only using them for limiting outside noise. That takes care of noise cancelling, almost. One additional item - you have to get accustomed to the active noise/sound being created that is exactly opposing the sound from outside the headphones. That cancelling sound creates a bit of pressure on the ears that was uncomfortable until I got used to it. I did get accustomed to it though. Sound quality is superior and I hear bits of sound in music and movies I didn't realize were there before. My impression is that I'm in the room where the music is playing. I like that. They are a bit pricey and you don't need noise cancellation but when I got used to it I have to say I stopped using my other pricey non-noise cancelling headphones. I recommend them.
I received these as a Christmas gift and they are terrific.  Wonderful fidelity, and great noise cancelling.  My wife has had a set for several years and they have held up well.  I guess she got tired of my using hers.  Will really be appreciated on plane trips.  By the way, it does come with a case, which my wife didn't realize that and ordered a separate case.  The return (reviewed separately) on the case was not pleasant; they wanted me to mail it to China!But don't let that dissuade you from purchasing these headphones; they're great.
The sound quality and comfort of these earbuds are the best I've been able to find.  The silicone tips are great for running and never get uncomfortable.  The earbuds also come with a clip, which is convenient for clipping to the neck of your shirt to keep the cord from flapping around too much.The only criticism that I have of these is that one earbud typically goes dead after 6-12 months, but I suspect that is from running and wearing it to the gym which causes a little bit of tugging as the cord/phone bounce around in my pocket.  I wouldn't avoid this for that because it seems to happen with all earbuds.
These earbuds are great for indoor use. When you are in a quiet room, the sound with the stock no-noise-isolation eartips is very good and balanced; I even turned off bass boost on my mp3 player - bass frequencies are well heard without it. But as soon as you go outside, there's lots of external noise coming through which makes me want to take my noise isolating pair of Sennheiser instead. You can try to fight the noise (to a certain degree) by buying a pair of noise isolating eartips for these earbuds (either from BOSE or from a no-name Chinese vendor), but then the sound balance will be shifted and you'll get more of the boomy one, with less bass clarity. So to me this is a product for a quiet environment - that's where it shines.
These were recommended to me by a co-worker and I am not disappointed. They have great sound and I haven't gotten a single complaint that people can't hear me on the other line. I opted for these because I use my cell phone all day and I grew tired of losing charge with Bluetooth headsets. They also seem to have pretty good noise/background sound reduction. They come with a nice carrying case so I take them everywhere and they don't get tangled up.
AWESOME AMAZING SUPERB!!!!!! What else can I say? Another amazing product by Bose. They don't slip. They are extremely comfortable. They are sweat proof and stay out when running. You can even sleep in these babies!!! This is my second pair (I slammed the first pair in the car door and messed up the wires not to mention about ripped my ears off). I love these and recommend them to everyone. Money well spent!!!!
I have always used $10 ear buds.  I mainly listen to Apple Music.  Everyone said the more expensive ear buds are so much better.  So, I decided to try one.  Yes, they do sound much much better.  So much better, that I think they are worth the price.  They are also comfortable.  You don't even notice that you are wearing them.  I would highly recommend them.
Works perfectly fine with Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge +. The volume and call commands are responsive and easily accessible during call. The bass is also good but I have heard better on the initial versions of Bose in-Ear headphones. The quality is somewhat not the same as it was when the in-ear headphones were launched 5-6 years ago.
The air buds came squeezed in between wads of shipping paper.  Since they were supposed to be Bose ear buds, it should have had a case to keep these air buds clean and safe.  These ir buds looked like a flea market special, and shipped just as carelessly.  And did I mention that the sound was tinny, and the right ear bud does not work. Cannot return this to seller, so do yourself a favor, do not purchase these.
Comfort:I wear these all day and completely forget they are there. I'm hesitant to call them "in-ear" headphones, as they are closer to some kind of in-ear-on-ear hybrid. They fit ON your inside of your ear is the best way to describe it.Sound Isolation:None at all. It's like there's nothing in your ears. Personally, I like this feature because It allows someone to say something to me without having to rip out my earbuds and go "what?" although walking past traffic or construction completely drowns out whatever you're listening to unless you crank the volume to like 3x normal.Sound Quality:Perhaps I've been spoiled by my Audio Technica ATH-m40x cans, but the frequency response noticeably slopes down when you get into anything over 12 kHz drops off to 0 around 18 kHz. This made for an unacceptably warm sound for any kind of critical listening or professional music work. "Crisp highs" is not quite accurate. I was able to EQ it to a perfectly acceptable sound quality. The rest of the range is fairly balanced, and despite not fitting completely inside your ear, the bass is perfect (excellent for EDM).Build Quality:I accidentally (tragically) dropped one of the earbuds in a bowl of ramen and now the bass is quite muted in one ear. These are advertised as "water resistant", but when I dropped them they weren't even half submerged, yet the sound was affected. Otherwise, the wires are very sturdy, with excellent flexy things where the wire goes into the earbud and the jack (I don't know what they are called, but they are better than many other earbuds I've tried). Also, the cord is a little short. I'm almost 6 feet tall, and when I run the cord under my sweatshirt into my ipod in my pocket, I can only lift my ipod to about stomach-level.OVERALL:The amazing comfort more than makes up for any qualms I have with the lack of trebel response. If these were 60$ instead of 100$, I would absolutely recommend these to anyone looking for unmatched comfort and acceptable sound for casual listening, but as they are a bit pricey I would only recommend these to someone who will take very good care of them (expensive to replace) and doesn't mind a bit of EQ-ing.
Wow.. Bose.. Let me down for once.. I have many Bose products..These headphones absolutely BLOW. No bass, tinny highs and mids. What the hell is going on here? Thought I making the right choice here. I was going to use these for in-ear monitors because of my previous experience with the product. No way. If you expect a $100 in-ear sound out of these you will not get it. Save your money and get some Skullcandys, serious. Im disgusted....
Purchased with intended use for my phone while lifting weights and talking hands free. My first pair snapped within a week of purchase while my phone was in my pocket. After taking precautions to avoid any sort of mishandling, the plug on my second pair snapped after a month. The plug itself appears to be long and durable but because of the long build of the plug, any sort of tension at the base can place a surprising amount of pressure on tips of the plug interface.Aside from being extremely frusturated with the amount of money I've dumped into these, the sound quality of these headphones are outstanding and sit comfortably secure in my ears. The clips on the headphones are useful for keeping the cord secure and to avoid the "tug feeling" from your ears. The bass carries through better than all other in ear headphones I've tried and would be extremely satisfied with the product if it were not for the poor build of the headphone plug.
So I was using them right now and they started to make the volume go up and down and then started making a crackling/hissing sound and now the volume buttons won't work and it left me with the crackling/hissing sound. I can't even use them and I bought them only three months ago.
I was initially hesitant to spend this much for some ear buds, but WOW!  Feels really good in ear, even after long periods.  Sound quality is top notch for lows and highs, no ear-achiness like some ear buds get after 2-3 hours.Bad:  The cord is just garbage, its too stiff and gets in the way.  It's like the QC team forgot to inspect or product test that  part this design.
Really nice earphones. The ear design is great, the sound is great. The plug however broke within a month. Like broke off. This happened on the prior set that I returned as well. The is clearly a HUGE design flaw. Headphones are in and out of your pockets all the time. The plug is really long and brittle and just falls apart.
Great sound,very comfortable but does not  cancel or block noise from a riding mower. Actually is good for walking, running or bike riding because you  can hear background noise. Do not fall out like most ear buds. I prefer my noise cancelling quiet comfort headphones but these serve their purpose for day to day use and as a hands-free phone attachment. As with most Bose products, might be a little costly for the average person.But once you own Bose is hard to enjoy anything else.
As with most Bose products, these sound superb. Long cord is great, too. Most importantly, these will NOT fall out of your ears in the middle of a performance. I had tried several other designs but none stayed in my ears for the duration of the performance. The silicone "wings" keep these buds in place without weighing things down. Pricier but worth it.
These headphones aren't going to surprise anyone with their sound...just another great sounding Bose product.  Great, crystal clear balance through the whole audible spectrum.  What makes these great is their comfort.  Once you put them in your ears, you kind of forget about them as you go about your business.  But the best feature is that, after wearing them for a few hours, your ears don't feel like someone has bopped you and given you cauliflower ears.  No soreness!  Don't know about you, but I hate that feeling.Doesn't matter if I'm working or doing various activities.  When I plug these headphones into my smartphone and listen to my playlist on Amazon Prime Music...it's Heaven on earth!
I got these headphones for my birthday, and I use them everyday at work.  They are excellent! Although I wish I had the one with the built in microphone for phonecalls, I am not disappointed with the product at all.  I would highly recommend these to anyone looking afor a good quality earbud with decent noise cancellation.
i bought these for $20 at marshalls, and man am i happy, these have amazing sound, like i had no idea these could be $20, but if you have a tj maxx or marshalls near you, save your money and buy them there. the only thing i didn't like is these were the wired only, no fold headphones, but i really don't care. The price I got them at and the sound makes up for everything.
I purchased these a while ago about 4 months or so, the 8 bit design I revived these and was eager to try them out so I plugged in the cord and put on some music the music was coming out in bits so I had to turn the jack around a certain way to get full soundThen I tried noise cancellation and leakage noise cancel action almost non and you could share the music with your pal right across from you with volume at 60%But I will give credit they are extremely durable except the ear muff it occasionally falls out and is extremely hard to put back in.Sound quality is affected by style of headphones the leakage is very disappointing
I am no audiophile, but these sound great. We bought them for my son when his sister ruined his original pair of Hesh. He in turn left the new pair, these, mixed up with his dirty laundry and they were run through the washing machine. We heard them clunking around in the dryer. Pulled them out, plugged them in, and THEY STILL WORKED!
I have always been a fan of Skullcandy headphones but I usually just bought earbuds because they were cheaper and seemed more convenient than carrying around giant headphones. It is now that I realized that I was very wrong. I love these hesh's. They have lasted me longer than most buds I have had, and sound quality is very nice. I can hear everything and have now become more picky about the music I listen to on places like YouTube where quality varies a lot. They have been super comfortable, I mean wear them for hours every day and they do not bug me in the least. Overall a great purchase and worth your money.
I wanted some over the ear headphones, and these sound great. They are not lightweight things, so I'll have to see how that wears.WARNING: I wanted the ones with the mic/pause-button on the cable, but accidentally got the ones with no mic. Looking more carefully at the Amazon page, the mic no/mic variants are mixed together on the one product page as if they are just different colors, so be careful about that.
I'll start by saying that they DID look good and were a very comfortable fit. The set started out fulfilling expectations only to have right side stop working completely and left side less than adequate performance less than 3 weeks after receiving them.  Also, cord was much shorter than I expected.  Will be returning to seller for refund.
These worked really well while they worked, but they gave up suddenly yesterday after less than a year of use. They were working fine in the morning then when I went to use them in the evening they simply wouldn't work. They cost too much to only get 10 months of use out of them.
I've been. A loyal skullcandy consumer for over ten years.  The sound quality is the best for the money.  I had a pair of the ear headphones that lasted for 7 years.  I bought these and received them 2 days later through Amazon prime. I was very excited and quickly became very angry.  Straight out of the box they didn't work properly. The sound cut out with even the slightest bit of stress on the connector. Returned them immediately, went to the local best buy and purchased a replacement.
I have also tried several different headphones, and none of them would stay in my ears while running.  They also didn't have the best sound (probably because they were falling out all the time).  These headphones stay in while I run (even when the cord gets accidentally yanked), they are super comfortable, and the sound is really excellent for such a cheap pair of headphones.  I'm hearing things that I didn't hear with my other headphones.  The earpiece is really soft and flexible, so it isn't uncomfortable.  The earbuds are shaped to stay in and don't have the foam on them.  Everyone's ears are different, but these work best for my husband as well, so I'm getting him some.
Over the past 7 years I've tried several earphones for the gym and I've always come back to these.  Others fall out while running or dont stay in my ears comfortably or both.  These stay in my ears while running and generally stand up to the sweat and grime of the gym.  I'd say I get about 6 months of use 3-5 days a week before they start to fail.  These sound great, are durable and cost less than $10.  Highly recommended!
These are wonderful for the price. Are they the best, that's not for me to decide since the best is an opinion. I have purchased these in the past for $10-15 from walmart and bestbuy. I sweat a lot and primarily used them for the gym and cycling. The first pair I bought lasted about 6,000 miles cycling and roughly 180 trips to the gym in 2 years. I would call that a durable product.These fit on your ear, not in them so the sound isn't overwhelming unless you force it. I still had no problem blocking out the gym noise or the wind whistling through my cycling helmet. My favorite part about these are the ear hooks. They are flexible and do a great job staying put. I have had other designs in the past that had to be adjusted every few seconds and these don't. The best thing I can say about them is they are reliable. This being my third pair in about 8 years, they never fell off and took an absolute beating from sweat and the elements. I'm sure they were never tested or meant to be worn in the conditions I put them through. I'm no audiophile and I'm not going to talk about sound quality, I just know my music sounded good to me and for the price anyone complaining is just bored.
I was looking for a replacement for my Sony over the ear headphones as the cable wears over a short period of time.I picked up a pair of these earbuds and these philips over the ear head phones in white. They cost $10, so I said what the hey.One of my worse headphone purchases ever. I respect Philips industrial design group, but I think they focused more on the visual design than the sound quality of the headphones.The fit of the hook is pretty good, but the design really falls apart at the earbud. They are too huge to place within the outside ear canal. I've experienced that most earbuds and the sony over the ear headphones cover the ear opening to reproduce a very bassy sound, which I think is a bit too much. Since these headphones do not come with rubber ear pieces, there the ear canal is not covered and no bass is produced.I used these headphones on my ipod nano. The sound of the headphones when pressed up against the ear is very tinny, hollow - as if you were hearing the sound in a tunnel. If you care about sound quality, you won't find it here. If you like over the ear buds for working out (like I do), since the bud does not cover the ear, you will hear a any distraction.The Sony headphones I'm seeking to replace are the Sony MDR-EX81LP, which are miles better than this set. But still not perfect. Also note, that a downside to earbuds with rubber inserts doesn't allow the ear to breathe, so you must remove them occasionally.UPDATE: I've been using these at work and they ARE sufficient. But taking the train and the sound of downtown traffic made these unusable. Again, the fit doesn't block out external noise.
I go to the gym and like to listen to music while I work out. I used to have a pair of Sony headphones with swivel arms that went behind your ears to hold them on. They were pretty expensive and eventually they broke. I was looking for something to replace them with. I figured I'd buy a pair of these cheap ones to hold me over until I had time to get some good ones. But, these little headphones aren't bad at all! The solid one-piece rubbery plastic ear loops are a much better design than the Sony ones that broke. (Those had a bunch of swivels and moveable joints which eventually fell apart). The headphones are comfortable to wear and they don't fall off no matter how much I move around. The sound is pretty good. It's not comparable to a $200 set of headphones. But, for $7 it's decent. I figure if they get destroyed or break it's no big deal. Highly recommended.
I love these headphones. I now have three pairs. And none are for replacements. I bought a pair a long time ago and use them mainly for working out. Bought a black pair for when I'm commuting on the bus, then my boyfriend stole them because he liked the way they fit, and uses them when he goes running. So I bought these pink ones for me. The fit my ears perfectly snug without being to tight, no flopping around either. The material is smooth and comfortable. The speakers work great, good sound with my iPod, phone, etc. Glad these are still available on here.
I hate the earphones that come with IPod.  Not sure why everyone else doesn't hate.  They never stay in my ear and are uncomfortable.  Went through several different brands.  Refuse to pay outrageous prices.  Found the Phillips for $10 and they are perfect.  They stay in your ear because of the flexible but comfortable ear hooks and the sound is great.  You can't miss with these.
Summary:  If you prefer the over-the-ear hook-style headphones, these are worth a try.I've used Nike headphones exclusively for as long as I've had an i-pod for workouts (note - Philips was the manufacturer for Nike).  The Nikes are typically overpriced, have poor sound, do not fit all that well (although they'd always fit better than any other type I'd tried) and only last about a year before one of the speakers gives out and I am forced to buy a new set.  Having used these headphones for a while now, I can say :1.  That they are the best fitting headphones I've owned. The ear hooks are a bit more rigid and hold them in place a bit better than others I've used.  Also, the ear buds fit into my ear a bit better.2.  The sound is much cleaner and stereo effects much more noticeable.  I can actually hear the more subtle parts of songs even when on a treadmill.3.  I don't know if these will hold up as well as my previous headphones, but they were sold to me at a price which I can accept paying on a yearly basis if it comes to it.
I purchased these to use with my Zune.  The ear buds that came with the Zune absolutely stunk and fell out all the time.  They were especially bad in cold weather because the wiring would get stiff.  I replaced those ear buds with these ones.  I hoped that because they hooked over the ear, they would be less prone to falling out.  Happily, I have been pleased with the results.  Once in, these ear buds do not readily fall out.  I can even wear them with my sunglasses with no problems.  The wiring does not stiffen up in the cold and remains flexible.  The sound quality of these ear buds is so-so, but I can't complain for the price.  I mostly use these to listen to books on tape.  When listening to music, I have larger, over-the-ear headphones so I can get the full sound quality I desire.  If you want an inexpensive set of ear buds that won't fall out and give you descent sound, these fit the bill.
I'm tall and chubby and I sweat always so when I run earbuds fall out and it's a battle to get consistant music while keeping a good pace.  These things fit comfortably over by big ears, I'm not sure how universal the size but they fit great.  Earbuds sort of push in on the entrance to your ear hole and that can get sore if you have to keep pushing them in.  These sit outside of your ear hole and let just the the smallest perfect amount of street noise in so you can hear bikes and people and whatever.  Seriously the best $10 you can spend if you listen to music while doing something active.  Protip: drape the cable behind you on its way to your armband.
I liked the earhook designs since they don't slip off your ear as easily. But minus the hooks and you've got yourself a cheap pair of earphones like any other. Your ear starts to get sore after an hour or so while wearing them, so they've by no means have any sort of ergonomic insight in them at all.The little holes on the side leak out music too, which defeats the purpose of having earphones at all. Even at a reasonable volume the music is already pouring out of those holes and around you will complain that you're music is a loud and you have awful taste.Don't buy this.
I have only worn these once, but so far so good.  I bought the Sony ones for 3X as much and they fell out in less than a minute of running.  These however, stayed in for my whole running session, I had no problem hearing my music, and they fit my ears.  I have a small frame (so not large ears) and because these sit on top of my ears...they fit better than the sony ones that are loops that are supposed to encompass my ears.  I'll keep you posted on how long they last...I am a bit worried based on previous reviews, but for this workout...they beat out 3 other sets of headphones hands down.
These earbuds do not fit my ear in any way.  Although the hook does keep the product around the general vicinity of my ear, the bud itself does not remain in place and most of the sound transmits into the surroundings.  An incredibly poorly designed product that is being sold at a price far inflated beyond the actual value.  I would return this item, but the return shipping cost is approximately the same price as the item itself.  This is no coincidence I suspect.  A product that is priced to move so as little attention can be paid to poor quality.
I bought these to replace the existing ear buds that came with my iPod Nano. I mainly use the Nano when I'm doing yard work & was having a hard time keeping the original ear buds in. I bought some adaptors which fit over the buds and extend them further into your ear to help keep them in. Although better, I still couldn't keep them in so I bought these. They work great. They're comfortable so you forget they're even there within a few minutes, the sound is at least as good if not better than the originals & and they NEVER fall out.
I purchased these headphones because I was sick of my earbuds falling out while I run, and unfortunately, they do the same. It may very well be the size/shape of my ear, but they do not fit quite right. The sound quality is fine and I continue to use them for my work outs. But when I put the ear bud portion in my ear, the hook part is too high on my ear to actually hook it in place. I like to think I have normal sized ears, so unless you know you have large ears, I might consider a different option.
On my 4th or 5th set.  I use headphones a lot and sweat a lot. These hold up as good as any and don't fall off/out when running. The cord's always tangled and the rubber ring on the bud comes off pretty easily.  They can survive a trip through the washer but do tend to short out from excessive sweat.  This tends to active voice controls on my phone which is annoying.  Much more comfortable than the Sony MDR-J10.  Stays in better than any buds.  Price is right.
I have a hard time finding earphones because I have very shallow ear canals. So, the normal ear plugs have never worked for me. They just slide out. These are great for me because they firmly secure around the cap of my ear and stay in place. The sound quality is excellent and I use them, literally, everyday for hours at my desk. I would recommend these especially for anyone who struggles to find earphones for non-traditional ears.
These are really awesome headphones.  The gel like earhooks are really soft and bend nicely over the ears.  I did a lot of research before I purchased these and looked at a lot of earphones for running.  It seems like they are either a hit or miss.  If you dont have average sized ears than the ear hooks probably wont fit over.  I would say my ears are normal and the hooks loop right over.  For the price, they are worth it.
I was so excited, couldn't wait for these earphones to arrive, and they did, quickly, thought you just can't go wrong with Philips, price is right, I can't keep ear buds in my ears, these looked perfect, they suck! They don't even stay over my ears, so that means the ear phone part doesnt stay put at all, great sound though, if they just fit like I need them too it would've been a perfect match! Ill keep looking! No stars
You can see from the photograph that they're not contoured, as the similar Sony ones are, to fit nicely into your ear - they're just flat.  They bruise your ears a little bit.  Very uncomfortable.  I keep wanting the speakers closer to my ears for better sound, but they don't push in.  Sony makes similar ones that are much nicer because they are rounded and go a little bit more into your ear, which makes for better sound.
I have tried several different styles of Sony head phones because they usually sound better than most. However, every pair I bought would not stay in my ears while running. I tried these based on reviews and boy was I surprised. The sound is fantastic and they stayed in place perfectly during my entire 5 mile run. One of the best values out there. I am buying a second pair as a backup.
I like over the ear headphones and used to be obsessed with the iLuv ones before they were discontinued.  I bought these in the hopes that they would be a comfortable, but they are not.  I must have weird tiny ears because the in ear part hurts unless it is covered in rubber (like the iLuv ones).  So for me or anyone with sensitive ears, these are a no buy.
The over ear hooks are the key. They are comfortable. Clean. They keep the speakers where they need to be with no slipping and pulling if you're doing a workout or running. For the price these headphones provide a good comfortable way to listen to... what ever you want if you move around while doing it.
I found these in white and love them.  I have tried so many headsets of various forms, and this one is the best!  I am buying this in black and am going to give the white ones to my girlfriend to use with her new Ipod.  They are loud, crisp, and clear; even at very high settings.  I highy recommend!!!
I really like these headphones and usually buy them in lots of 2 or more.  The sound is good and they are comfortable to wear.  The only real down side is that they tangle easily, which is just annoying, and the ear pieces rust over time, which takes a long time to happen.  Recommend them to all.
I've tried all different types and these are the only ones that fit my small ears and don't hurt after wearing them for a while.  I just bought my second pair because the first pair started to have problems but for only $10 each, I don't mind having to replace them every year or so.
First of all, these earbuds were less than $8 so it would be hard to complain as long as they arrived in working condition. I've only had them for a few days, but I'm very happy. The earhooks are very comfortable for me and keep the speakers well positioned during my typical usage of walking the dog, driving the car, working in the garage, and moving around the house. I was a bit concerned as I wear glasses, but it's no problem at all, and the hooks totally solve the annoying problem of hookless buds falling out. That was the main motivation for my purchase.They replaced the buds included with my Sandisk Clip, which sound pretty good with no equalization - not surprising as those should be well 'matched' to the player. The Philips buds sounded tinny at first, but after adjusting the Sandisk's internal EQ they sound a bit better than the OEM buds. Bass is richer, highs are sharper, mids are comparable. It was interesting to place my fingers over the bass ports in the Philips buds and observe the effect. Doing so kills the bass, so those are definitely functional, and are a unique feature among the various alternatives I considered. Lots of people complain about lack of bass with these and other comparable units, but I find that as long as ambient noise is low bass is very good. I'll need a set of noise-isolating buds for loud ambient conditions, especially since my hearing has taken enough abuse over the years and I'm not willing to really crank up the volume. My range is about 1/3 to 1/2 volume on the Sandisk.I listen to a little bit of everything - rock, pop, bluegrass, classical, etc, and I use shuffle play so I never know what's coming up next. I never feel a need to adjust the EQ for different genres, just volume due to variations in recording levels. All my music files are 192k Windows Media .wma type, which are the highest quality compressed files WM will do.Highly recommended.
I run 1:15 almost every day with these, plus the walk from the end of my running route (which adds another :15). I wear eyeglasses and a hat with a drawstring under the chin.These earphones have so far outlasted at least four pairs of shoes over about a year and a half.They have not been coddled. I run rain or shine. I "store" it by winding the cord and the Shuffle around my hand and shoving it into my pocket, along with a cell phone and Kleenex. Next morning, when I start my run, I just hold the earpieces and let the Shuffle drop through my shirt to flake out the cord. I "clean" it by scraping the gunge off it when I happen to notice it, and maybe wiping it on my running shirt.Pros:- They work fine with my glasses.- They stay in place no matter how sweaty I get or how much dodging I have to do.- They let me hear cars and bikes and other things around me.- They are cool and comfortable in the summer.- I can hang them on my shirt collar when I'm finished listening to music but still out and about.- Ruggedness has been first-rate.Cons:- I'd agree that the cord is more tangly than the earphones that came with my iPods, but a large part of that may be the earpiece hangers themselves, in which case that may be a characteristic endemic to the class rather than a problem specific to this model.- Likewise, I've found that it generally takes two hands to put them on: one hand to place the earphone and the other to track back along the hanger to flip it over the ear. Sometimes I can put them on one-handed, but if I'm on the move it's faster and easier to use two hands.I am frankly surprised that they've lasted this long. I have three other fairly inexpensive hanger-type earphones sitting in their packages, because at the price I really didn't think any of them would last more than a few months.I'd recommend them.
Fit is good...but that's about it. I used on the elliptical and treadmill and I kept getting shocked!! It startled me so much (and hurt). At first it was the right ear, so I took it out and left the left side in, but also got shocked there too.
I'm on my third pair in five years, and I plan to keep buying these as long as Philips makes them. The combination of price, comfort, and sound makes these the best running/workout headphones I've ever found.I wear them almost exclusively while running or cycling, so inevitably they begin to fail after a year or two as the cord becomes damaged from bouncing and swinging around (which is why I've had 3 pairs in 5 years). But this is expected, and will happen with any headphones. The advantage these have is that they're so cheap that I don't care when they break. At this price, 1-2 years of heavy use is more than fair.The sound quality is fine. Don't expect premium sound, but music and podcasts come through loud and clear, with none of the tinniness you get from many cheap headphones. As long as you don't expect booming bass or audiophile sound, you'll probably be satisfied.For me, the key feature of these headphones is the fit. The hooks are comfortable and keep the headphones perfectly in place, no matter how fast I'm moving and how much I'm bouncing around. I've tried several different headphones with similar designs, and the fit ranged from decent to terrible (Skull Candy, I'm looking at you). But for me, none came close to fitting as well as these Philips.I also appreciate that these are not an in-ear design, so you can still hear approaching cars and other things you might not want to miss while running.In short, these are cheap, comfortable headphones that provide decent sound. I'd choose something nicer for just sitting around and listening to music, but for running, I wouldn't consider anything else.
I listen to music and books on my iphone all the time.  At the gym, running, in the car, outside doing yard work, rocking the baby to sleep, even going to sleep at night when I don't want to disturb my wife.  I've owned numerous sets of these phillips earhook headphones over the years and love them.  I just bought three more.I'm sure these are not the most high end audio experience, but that's just not what I'm after.  I use the heck out of these headphones, and I know that sooner or later I'm going to break them or they're going to get just too dirty or whatever.  Fine.  For eight or nine dollars, these guys are exactly what I need.  I've used more expensive products from Skull Candy and Sony, but I didn't see anything different to warrant being twice as expensive and I didn't like the fit as well.I REALLY like the over the ear piece.  Its very unobtrusive and keeps the buds in place great.  Keeps everything out of my way no matter what I am doing.  I've never liked ear buds without the hook to hold in place, just find them very uncomfortable.  These are especially great at the gym or running when you really don't want your headphone suddenly slipping out.My only small criticism of these is that sooner or later the rubber ring around the speaker will come off.  It just will.  As long as you've noticed the tiny piece has come off, you can just slip it back on.  I will say that the last two pairs I owned held the rubber ring in place for quite a while, so I can't complain.I'm an adult male, don't have especially big ears.  My wife wears these too and likes them.UPDATEI just had to update this review.  I've been testing another brand of very high end, over the ear, similar ear buds lately.  I'm sure the price of those is about five teams what these cost.  I'm just completely blown away that given the choice I would still purchase THIS set of headphones.
I've had two pairs of these headphones and both have been fairly sturdy and very useful. They will hang around most people's ears just fine and stay in fairly well after a few weeks of use. One of the main reasons I got these is for running and biking. Biking and similar sports they work fine for, but don't get these for running because they will fall out. They don't, however, fall out of your ears during simple, around the house, use. If you lay down on the couch or on your bed they stay in, as opposed to standard earbuds.The sound quality is fairly good, as earbuds go. They're by no outrageous stretch anywhere near audiophile level, of course, but they aren't marketed as so. The only thing two things I have to complain about here is that the drivers will get clogged with earwax after about a year or so, which for most people won't be a problem because I  had used them ALOT; and that the lows are not very well defined.As for the build of these, they are very sturdy. Rubberized plastics for the majority of the 'phones. The wires are fairly sturdy and it took me about 2 years to need a re-wiring job on my first pair. If you are wondering, no, these are NOT good for re-wiring. The wires are horribly small and frail, and unless you want to break in to the drivers and solder them on directly, it's better to just buy a new pair.Over all these are some pretty good earbuds.Sound: 4/5Build: 5/5Price/Value: 5/5
I just ordered my second pair. After three years, one of the channels went out and I'm okay with that considering the abuse they took.If you do not need for running, just for weight training, higher quality sounding earbuds may be a better solution. I am not about to buy two sets of earphones for exercising - one pair for running and another for the gym. But if you are, these could meet your running needs.The sound quality is pretty darn good especially at this price point. I have tried earphones costing up to $40 that don't sound as good. But if that is a high priority, look elsewhere. This is important to me, but needed to be balanced with other features.I never have to readjust them while running or any type of exercise. They are very comfortable with a flexible soft rubber ear hook. Your ears won't get tired or bothered inside or out even after an hour or more. They don't look stupid. You know which ones I am referring to. The cord length is long enough to have mp3 player in my pant pocket. This may be a disadvantage especially if you are one of those iPod on the arm types - too much cord. Another reviewer mentioned the cord getting tangled. Unless you hang them on a hook, don't they all?I don't think these are even classified as sport headphones being sweat proof and all, but as I mentioned they lasted three years.
I've owned a pair of standard Apple earbuds that were durable and traveled well but terribly uncomfortable, and a pair of cheap Sony hook-over-the-ear padded earphones that were very easy to wear but too bulky to tuck in a pocket and shredded by heavy use all too fast. Having earphones that combined the worst aspects of both was a 'convenience' I could've done without.If you have oddly-sized ears or an ear canal that doesn't do well with standard earbuds, you're SOL. These HURT if you wear them too long. I also couldn't make any sudden movements while wearing these because the earbud part would pop out, leaving them dangling uselessly over my ear. Even if I was holding quite still, the distance between top of the ear and the canal wasn't quite right, so they'd sort of gently wiggle free after a while anyway. In addition, the damn things hurt. The pair I got from my grandmother (same brand/shape/size) had tiny little rubber covers that helped the ache of having hard plastic shoved against soft cartilage, at least a little, but the rubber tended to catch on things and pop off into dark corners.When they were in my ears, though, the sound seemed fine, and they played well with a couple different brands of phone and computer. They were just too much of a headache to bother with for long, in more ways than one.
I ordered these almost exactly a year ago and they are completely dead as of today. I use them 3-4x/week for running. The cord is typically partially wound up in the stap on my armband and my kids think that whole combo is fun to drag around the house. All in all, it's probably a miracle they held up as long as they have at this price.The last few weeks, sometimes I'd start my running app and get no sound. I thought the app was being crazy but the second time I'd start it, they'd work. But nope, today I realized it was the headphones. Boo!I've used the left side almost exclusively (for safety) and tucked the right one under my bra strap so it's not flying around everywhere. I had intermittent issues with the rubber rings popping off (and one has completely disappeared) but I think I can probably blame my kids for that too.I found these to be incredibly comfortable. I always wear a bandanna head-band style so I've never relied on the ear clips alone to keep them in place. Even so, I can tell you that now that I'm back to using the standard Apple ear-buds for the moment, those clips make a huge difference in keeping your sound where you want them.I'm not some huge audiophile so I can't say much about the sound quality. They're good enough for what I need during running.
....somehow I seem to go through 3 or 4 pairs of headphones each year.  I work out and run a lot and I either get a short in one ear or lose them or something.  Out of all the pairs I've owned, these are by far the best.  When i put them on, they immediately felt 100 times more comfortable because of the soft molded plastic rather than the hard plastic that you see a lot of headphones made out of.  The sound is very good too, I thought.  Very full sound and clear as well.  Also on most headphones the two cords (one from each earhook)usually become one at some point and then plug into your ipod or other device.  I never noticed until now, but the point at which the two cords become one determines how many man-hours you spend untangling the freakin' earhooks and cords.  The longer it takes for the two to become one, the longer you spend trying to untangle them.  This set of headphones, the two cords become one maybe 5 or 6 inches down which is perfect.  Very little tangling.  For the quality, price and comfort I don't think these can be beat.  I'll be buying them from now on, unless someone shows me something better.  Good luck.
When I first tried to put these in the way they appear they should fit, the earhooks were considerably taller than my ears so the headphones fell out with no prodding.  Perhaps my ears are really small, I'm not sure.  But by rotating them forward so that what seems to be the top of the ear hook now points forward, they fit very securely, and I'm pretty happy with them.  They look a little silly like that, but I'm not really that vain.If you press them all the way in, the hardness of the earpieces tend to cause a little soreness after maybe 15 minutes.  But I've found if I pull them a little bit loose and rely on the earhook to hold them in place more, there is less discomfort.If you're willing to pay more, consider something with a nice pair that have moldable earhooks.  If you want a deal, these are pretty decent, and by rotating them forward, appear to have an element of adjustability for different sized ears, though I'm not 100% sure that was intentional.
This feels like an "over-the-ear" kind of earphone, where the speakers don't exactly snug inside your ears, so it's hard to tell whether the earphone is securely positioned for my ears. But, that's what i sacrifice in exchange for those "earbuds" just "slipping out" of my ears!!The sound quality, specifically the bass, is superior. Because unlike other earbuds, (i used Skull Candy stuffs) this one has these holes that let the air out. (Similar to how my 200W RMS subwoofer does when producing intense bass)I bought this for cell phone, and that is because this earphone doesn't have those noise-isolating feature, which is great when you want to hear the person on the phone and your surrounding people and environment at the same time.However, one downside is that it can be troublesome to wrap this earphone. There is no pouch or case for this, and wrapping this by itself can make the cable tangle.
Well I will be returning these to get a different pair of headphones.  I thought these would fit my ears perfectly, but I guess not.  I don't have very large ears, so I figured these would work fine... guess not.Right when I put them on, I knew this wasn't going to be good.  First of all, they were VERY tight around my head, even after adjusting.  My ears didn't fit in the headphones at all.  I'd say the size of these phones are about 20MM compared to a lot of gaming headset's 40MM.  Very tiny.  I wanted to replace my Sony MDR-V150's, but these fit just like the Sony's, but are much tighter.So all in all, I just want to warn you, if your ears are SOMEWHAT big (around 2 1/2ish inches), do not buy these.
I've been using these headphones for about six months now. I mostly have these connected to my computer for watching videos, listening to music, or playing a game. They've been great for everything I've used them for.PROS: They're comfortable to wear due to the simple but nice cushions on the ear pads and on the plastic connector that wraps around the top of your head. They come with an adapter to connect to stereo systems too, which is nice. They also do a decent job of drowning out external noise; I live in a busy area, and these headphones do a nice job of drowning out sounds like my computer fans. They seem fairly durable, not easily breakable and I'm confident they will last for a few years. The cord is about 10ft. long, which is good (I'd rather have too much than not enough). I'm not sure how to word this, but I've had other headphones where, if you so much as touch the cord, you instantly feel/hear it in the earphones, like tapping the cord with your finger causes a bass-kind of sound to come out in the earphones; but with these headphones, that does NOT happen, so you simply hear what you want to hear. For only $30, they are a very good value IMO.CONS: (really these are just things to note, not necessarily cons)-The volume can be VERY loud if you don't turn volume down on your computer. Basically, if I want to play a video game or watch a video, I have to turn the volume in Windows down to somewhere between 10% and 50% depending on what I'm listening to. That's not a big deal for me since I can quickly do it with my keyboard, but it's still worth noting.-(this one may not apply to you) If I use them for an extended period of time (more than an hour), my right ear starts getting somewhat irritated. However, this is because my right ear is weirdly shaped and sticks out a bit more than my left ear does (you wouldn't know it to look at me, but w/e). This happens no matter what headphones I use, so don't look at this point as a con, it's just worth noting if you have semi-unusual ears like me.
I am not an audiophile!  I'm just an average everyday user that really wanted a pair of Bose headphones that I could not afford.  While these are not technically noise cancelling, they do a great job of blocking out surrounding noise and immersing me in the music.  I purchased these for an upcoming flight that will take most of a day.  After spending several hours at home listening to music, I noticed the following:-with the volume at a normal, not blasting level, the songs were very rich.  Most of mp3 collection was ripped at a lower quality but the music was still exceptional.  I certainly heard aspects of the songs that I never heard before on my home system or in my car.-my dogs starting barking and I had to take the headphones off to figure out what the very muted sound was.-I fell asleep wearing these.  They are that comfortable.No regrets!
My coworker cannot stop talking and it pushed me to an extreme decision: 1) kill myself or 2) upgrade headphones. Another coworker let be borrow his pair of these headphones for a day and it was a game changer! For only $25 I am able to completely tune out the ramblings of this emotionally unstable soccer mom. No longer do I have to hear her talk about how unorganized her closets are. No longer must I suffer through her outbursts of frustrations because she "can't think" (her words, not mine). I was going to buy a fancy $100 pair of headphones but decided to go with these instead.. they sounds pretty good, do a great job of blocking outside noise, and are one of the more comfortable headphones I've tried.
These headphones sound absolutely great. You'll hear things in your music that you've never heard before. But after about ten minutes you'll be cursing the ear cups as your ears feel bruised and battered. It might take a bit longer, but that long pole in the tent for this product is the comfort. I couldn't wear them for more than an hour.
I love these headphones. They are so great I ordered them twice. Why did I order them twice? Because the left ear stopped working on the first pair after about two years. 'That's okay,' I'm thinking, they're still worth the price. Really.. I'm not complaining much. This happens, right? Sennheiser makes a good product: the sound is clear and loud (very important) and the bass thumps like it should (you can hear it but it doesn't overpower). The earpieces are also comfortable and fit right over my average male ears and the cord is like 10 feet long (great of you also occasionally record music). I do a lot of listening to music on a crappy laptop and an iPod shuffle (technology lag) and these things make the tone of the tunes sound way better than it has any chance of being otherwise. If this pair lasts another 2 or 3 years for twenty bucks -- that's worth it. Rock on.
I've noticed that a lot of people seem to be trashing these headphone for "not being top of the line." Well, my response inevitably is that you get what you pay for.Here's the thing: If you are looking to spend an outrageous amount of money on headphones, then you probably need to look somewhere else. If, however, you're looking for an affordable option with a whole lot of upside, then these are definitely the headphones for you.I know many have claimed that they are not "noise-cancelling". That's debatable. I had a pair for over four years before I broke them (notice I said I....there was no problem with the way they were manufactured). I used them for a variety of different things, including gaming (plugging them into the back of my TV whenever my roommate was asleep), watching movies/TV/videos on my laptop or PC, and with my iPod whenever I didn't want to bother with earbuds or wasn't going to be moving around a lot. They not only sounded great in all instances, but I was not able to hear any sounds around me made at a normal volume. If a brass band comes marching by, you're probably going to hear it with these things. Will another, more expensive option alleviate that problem? Who knows, but these certainly do the trick for the everyday user.I also used them as pseudo-monitors for my electric guitar playing, using them both in a USB-guitar interface and with my regular amp. They served great in both instances. The first set I got came with an adapter, so I didn't have to go find another, which was great. While more expensive headphones might have performed a bit better, these were perfect for this use, as well.If I had a complaint about these headphones it would probably be that the cord is too long. I never needed to extend the cord past a few feet, which meant that the majority of the length (10') went unused. They do come with a spool and built-in belt clip to alleviate this problem, but the clip sometimes loses its grip on the cord, which means you have to take the time to roll them back up again. As is such, I would be cautious in handing them to a young kid (toddlers).As I said before, I owned one set of these things for over four years before I accidentally broke them. I think it says a lot that I am going back to these headphones despite the fact that I could look towards other brands out there. There is just too much upside to them not to come back. They're affordable, they're lightweight, they sound FANTASTIC, they're durable, and they come with a 2 year warranty from an established company. What more can you ask for if you're looking for a great set of affordable headphones?
I typically like to try out items like this before I make a purchase, however I took a chance since the price was right and must say I am very happy!They have good cord length and come with a handy cord clip so you have the option of shorting the length if you choose to do so. I have tried just about every genre of music I can tolerate with these headphones and have to say that it sounds really good!I read some cons about the poor quality feel and how uncomfortable these headphones are and although they initially feel cheap the light weight design feels comfortable and after having these headphones on for a couple hours at a time I have found them to be very comfortable on MY dome! I know that there are MUCH better headphones out there but if you are like me and don't want to spend the big bucks but still want something with good sound then I recommend getting these headphones.
Good...1) They sound great... bass is full, barely (if any) hiss during silence.2) The cord is long enough to not feel like you are on a leash. Comes with a cord wrap with clip, to keep it under control.Minor Annoyances...1) Minor sound bleed if you have the volume up. Very, very minor.2) When I use these at my desk (the majority of the time), the cord becomes a mild chore to deal with, even with the wrap.Simply the best headphones I've ever had. I've had $200 over the ear headphones, admittedly many years ago, but these beat anything I've tested, owned, or borrowed.For the price, you can't beat them. The next set I buy will be Sennheiser.Perhaps I will try wireless.
Bought these for the kids to use in the car. noise cancellation works good enough that we have to scream at my daughter to get her to hear us.The sound quality is pretty good too. I'm sure an audiophile would find all sorts of problems with them but they are all hipsters jerks anyway. :-)
The audio response curve on these headphones is, to put it mildly, disappointing.  I wasn't expecting too much for $25, so I don't exactly feel cheated, but it still could be much better.  Basically, what they did is over-emphasize the bass without maintaining clarity at lower frequencies.  Most people associate louder bass with higher quality (since bass is usually harder to produce with any fidelity), which is probably why Sennheiser made this design decision.  Unfortunately, the result is an extremely muddy bass which is exaggerated at the expense of the low-mids.  The best reproduction appears to be in the high end, which is very clear and well-balanced.Again, these were $25 headphones, so I wouldn't expect the same quality that you can get from a $500 pair of studio headphones.  However, if you're buying these as an audiophile, be ready for disappointment.
Started getting distortion and losing sound from left side after just a few days of use. I did read some of the reviews before I bought these headphones, but couldn't believe this company would put out such defective products. Is there such a thing as a well made headphone for under $50?
If you have owned a pair of headphones that costs more than 300 than yes you wouldn't like the quality of these headphones. But if you had cheap headphones from CVS or Target or Walmart, this will probably be the biggest upgrade in sound quality you will ever have. For less than $25 you getting way more in return than what you are actually paying for. For a price like that these are the most impressive headphones I have ever bought in my life.Stop looking at the negative reviews, if you usually owe apple headphones or other cheap headphones. These people are being way to picky not considering how much they are paying. Try to get $15 headphones from a store near you and you will know exactly what I'm talking about. Other negative reviews can be its broken or it came dirty in a box but that can be resolved. If your reading this, and you want good quality headphones but your on a budget I STRONGLY ADVISE YOU TO GET THESE!!!
These work good.Honestly you won't find a 20 dollar pair of head phones that sound this good - ever.. but this is not the Senn. Quality I'm used to. I own some Lav's and a Microphone and those are awesome.. I say if you're doing professional audio - pony up the money and get some real Senn's.If you're doing cheap audio monitoring on a budget, these work great.The cord gets in the way for me also, it's way to long. Some people like that - but for me it's annoying. I shoot weddings and I don't need more than a few feet of headphone cord to monitor audio. They don't stay wrapped very well in the bundle accessory they provided either.
I like these headphones as they fit well over my ears and have nice audio.  However I've gone through four pairs as they last about one year before breaking.  I am using them a lot while sitting at my computer (often 8 hours/day).  I'm going to see if I can repair them with a soldering iron.
I'm not much of an audiophile, I bought these to blot out the sound my family makes constantly in order to focus better on my stuff so I didn't really want to spend more than $20 but I wasn't expecting these to come out so good!I'm testing them with most of my music (since I listen to various genres from power metal, to heavy, to rock and aaaall the way down to some folk and celtic) and so far, nothing sounds bad to me, they fit my head like a hat and haven't experienced any discomfort (though I've only been using them for some 20 minutes).Oh! and the cord! So many people complain how long it is, well to me that is just great (be warned: it IS long though!) since my computer's front line ports don't workI have to connect them to the back of my desktop computer and the cord is long enough to go back there, so having a long cord is awesome to me, since it lets me stand and slide a few feet around my desk without taking them off. The only thing this would need to be a perfect 10 would be to have a volume control attached to the cord and I'm more than happy.The plastic I was expecting it to be flimsier as people mentioned, it sure doesn't seem to be a state of the art but it looks flexible and resistant enough and I'm hoping it will stand for a while (or maybe longer, since I always try to take good care of my stuff); and that would be all for now I might update if something comes up :)______________________________________________________UPDATEWell I've had them for a bit near 2 weeks and have experienced no problem or discomfort. After tweaking my sound settings a little I realize how loud they can be, I don't need to take the volume all the way up to bloat out any other noise (as I had to do before with a pair of really cheap headphones and even with all the volume they still didn't do the trick), but these babies sure do without problem; just by putting them on I notice the difference when people are talking near me, and once the music is playing that's all I can listen to, people have to poke me or I have to really turn down the volume to be able to listen to them.As for the cord I figured it's so long I might step on it by accident and ruin them so I shortened it by wrapping it around itself and making a loose knot with one of the little wires that came with the headphones, I only left enough to move around freely and that way I can just pull the cord and get more length easily without damaging it. So far the only thing I have noticed is they may get a bit warm after having them on all day (which I do), but it's not a big nuisance to me, I just take them off for a while, take a little break, walk around a little and then go back to wearing them again.
This is an astonishing pair of headphones for $25!  I have owned Sennheiser phones for years (the others so old I could not provide the model numbers without substantial research) so, I know they are excellent hadphones.  I bought these to replace a cheap, cheap pair ($5 panasonics) which I bought for when I am listening to my mP3 player outside.  mI bought those because I live in an environment which just chews up electronics: the Windward side of Oahu, where we typically have 99% humidity (or worse, it rains more often than not), salt air, sulpher (from the volcano)... nothing lasts here :( so I bought some headphones I would not have to worry about for when I am doing yard work or in my semi-enclosed studio.  We also have a pretty substantial amount of ambient noise for a rural area: fighter planes from the nearby Marine base, weed whackers, highway noise...so I usually have a pair of head phones on when I am outside.  I had thought my cheesy phones "OK," i.e. better than I would have thought a $5 pair of headphones would be (and better than the earbus which came with my shuffle, or zen, or zune, or Archos).  I stumbled on these for 422 last week and decided to order a pair, and WOW! what a difference.  I didn't know MP3s could sound this good!  These phones are also good at blocking out ambient noise; a dramatically better listening experience.  I had qualms, not having ever seen a pair of Senheisers in this price range, but just a few seconds put those doubts to rest.  The sound is excellent, and while I can not compare it directly to my other Sennheisers (as I will not take those outside, use them with the same player, or in the same environment) these provide the best sound of anything I have used with any of my MP3 players, including speakers.  The sound is clear and rich, very life-like.  i will echo what I read in another review: they are not very comfortable with eyeglasses (or sunglasses, or other protective eyewear).  It is a tight fit, but, that is where the noise reduction comes in.  these have completely, completely blocked out the noises which leave me feeling stressed and irritated at the end of the day; astonishing! )blocking out fighter planes just overhead!)  There is no question but that the open-air phones are more comfortable... or that, for me, they would not be especially good in this particular environment.  I am guessing that if I wore them without eyewear they would be a good deal more comfortable (but, that would not be particularly wise, for me, when I am working ;)  they are not so uncomfortable that I would even consider going back to what I was using before (any of my other phone, plugs, earbuds...) in fact, I am thinking about ordering a second pair in case these are discontinued, or mine disintegrate from the salt-air, or my kids run off with them ;)  If you do not like a tight fit, look at the open air phones, but you are not likely to find them in this price range.  What you get for $25 is just fantastic!  if you are willing to spend $300; well, these may not compare favorably, but I would be very very surprised if there is anything else you can get for $25 which sound half as good.  I know there are numerous more detailed reviews of these phones.  I added my 2 cents because i am so happy with these, and so surprised at the sound quality in a pair of $25 head phones!Edited 12/4/2011 to note that after living with these for a year or so (almost daily use) I wonder 1) why they have such a long cord? (really unnecessarily so) and 2) While the take up reel (to contain the ridiculously long cord) was a good idea, it is very badly implemented.  It crimps/ compromises the cord some without providing a secure catch.  It frequently pops out/ come unwound creating an awkward (and for me sometimes dangerous) situation.  Most people will not have the exact same issue (as I wear these while sitting over a 2000 degree torch, and so distractions... are a very bad thing).  But, I can not imagine many people would opt for a 10-15 foot cord.  I guess it is a plus if you need to be across the room from your equipment, but.... even when I was on the air there was never a time I needed a cord of this length.  Consider getting a velcro tie upVelcro Reusable Self-Gripping Cable Ties, 0.5 Inches x 8 Inches Long, Black, 100 Ties per Pack (91140)for the cord to contain it.  Other than that, it is hard to complain about such good sound for so little $$.I vacillated over giving these 4 or 5 stars: took one off because they are not as comfortable as other Sennheisers, but then put it back on because the sound is so good, and the value:amazing!--------------------update----------------------------------I came back to revise this review to lend some perspective.  I did not mean to in any way imply that these are audiophile phones. They are not, and do not touch the sound quality of my Sennheiser wireless, open air, or 460s (I could go on ;) )  I bought a pair for my  daughter as her first headphones. My husband wears his when he walks the dog (often in the rain)and doesn't want to ruin his Grados, and I wear mine in my outdoor studio.  We all have better headphones, but use these when we are in an environment which might damage the others (or, even these).  I have had mine for 3 years now, which is a lot of milage from a $25 set of headphones, and that is the context for this review.  These are pretty great for $25! For a little more you can get better headphones:Sennheiser HD 429 Headphones BlackorAudio-Technica ATH-M30 Professional Studio Monitor Closed-back Dynamic Stereo Headphonese.g. BUT for inexpensive headphones, these are pretty great, if you can deal with the ridiculous cord.Because of the insanely low price I even purchased a few extra sets as back-ups, but these have held up remarkably well and my back-ups are still in their boxes.
I'm not an audiophile, so if you're looking for a professional review keep moving. I have owned many pairs of headphones in my time though. Brands I've had int he past include JVC, Coby, Sony and Koss. These Sennheisers blow them all out of the water.I find the earbud style to be very uncomfortable. So this over the ear style is the way to go for me. These ones fit snug over my ears, which are of average size (I think). If you have larger ears you might have some trouble. My head is another story as it is a little larger than average. Not much of a problem here though, as the Sennheisers seem to accommodate nicely. Hat size is about 7 5/8ths for reference.The sound quality is outstanding. Again, I'm not an audiophile. Also keep in mind that I bought these for under $25. But I truly could not be happier with the sound. The packaging promotes the bass and with good reason. It isn't so heavy that it makes your ears vibrate. Instead it fills your ears with deep rich sound. The highs are clear and ambient sounds come through beautifully as well.I want to share with you what I am using these with just for reference. I bought them to go with a new MP3 player I purchased. The Sony Walkman NWZS545RED 16 GB Video MP3 Player (Red, a model which has been praised for its sound quality. I will review that later. Great pairing!So to recap, the price was great, the fit was good and the performance met and shattered my expectations. Hopefully I'll have an update down the line to speak to their staying power. But for now, I highly recommend these headphones!
A little over five years ago I bought these same headphones and have been very happy with them - primarily because they are inexpensive, sound good, and are more durable than I expected.  I have accidentally stepped on them and tripped over the cord, ripping the plug out of the jack, many many times in the past five years - and they continue to work!  The foam ear surrounds were covered in a thin plastic material and those coverings have deteriorated, but other than that my old headphones are still holding up.  The ones I just bought are the same model number and they look the same.  They are MUCH tighter, so not as comfortable to wear for longer periods.  That may be because my old pair got "stretched" from use; maybe that will happen with this pair too.  But the main difference is the sound; these new phones have WAY less high end than my originals.  They sound positively muffled, and I'm older and already have significant hearing loss at higher frequencies.  The difference is dramatic - I compared by immediately switching between them, plugging into the same source.  Is this because the "kids today" just love bass?  IOW, did Sennheiser marketing make the call here?  For what these cost it's not worth my trouble to return, so this brand new pair will be my backup until my originals just disintegrate.  One other thing: you'll need the jaws of life to open the packaging!
I bought these and a few other pairs of over-ears to experiment with. I've been using in-ears for most of my life but over-ears were recommended to me by a friend so I thought I should experiment.My favorites among those I bought where these and the Behringer HPS3000 Studio Headphones. They are both really good, but these are the compact version where the Behringers have a little more weight to them.Pros:-Compact, light, easy to carry, light on the head-Long cord (you can adjust how much you want with the cable wrap that comes with it)-Great sound quality -- I use these for gaming and I can hear every enemy footstep behind me, great surround soundCons:-Two cords (if this doesn't matter to you, no bigs. I had really wanted one)-These are a little smaller so they do feel a little tighter on the head than the Behringers. But they are good if you need something lighter.-Long cord (but it has a cable wrap, so this is okay)Overall: great headphones for a great price if you're looking for something to introduce you to the over-ear world. I would also recommend the Behringer HPS3000 Studio Headphones as an alternative if you don't like these.
Amazing headphones for the price.  I picked up a pair for my mother in law for christmas as well as a set for myself for a business trip.My mother in law uses these with her Kindle to watch Netflix and Hulu without bothering my father in law.  She likes how it blocks out the sound of whatever he is watching on tv and how he can't hear what she is watching.I like them for the fact they are over the ear and while not noise cancelling they block out a good amount of sound while on a plane.  You can still hear the low hum of the engine but not like how you do without them on.Only downside is the material feels sort of like a vinyl and will get sweaty after a few hours of usage.  But that doesn't matter much because you get hours of usage without them becoming uncomfortable.  I had my original pair like this last for about 3 years before one of the ear cups started to short out and the material started to separate on the headband so for the low price you get great sound and a few years of usage.  Totally worth it.
This is how music is meant to be heard! I'm blown away by these headphones. It's a beautiful balance between highs and lows that I was looking for and these headphones absolutely deliver. You won't get any more crispier highs and bottomed out bass from any other set. I highly recommend over anyone trying out affordable headsets at a reasonable price. I listened to Stevie Ray Vaughan then moved to highly bass driven sigur ros and wow these can handle it all. I'm glad to shell out a minimal cost for quality headphones. Sennheiser knows what they are doing when it comes to sound. The cord is at least an 8 plus foot length when it comes to keeping your music player in your bag and just letting your playlist take care of the tracks. Good job on an affordable set that blows away a $300 pair of beats. DONT BUY BEATS!!! The over the ear design is Super comfortable and I was able to fall asleep with them on. This is an amazing product if you want wired headphones without the need for battery power. I am highly impressed so far
These aren't noise canceling but just putting them on the world around quiets down.  I'm very impressed with the quality for the price. As an audiophile guy, these seriously sound 10x, no make that 20x better than the standard earbuds that ship with the iPhone, even some upgraded Sennheiser earbuds I bought that cost more than these headphones. Okay, so maybe earbuds can't match the performance of over the ear headphones can but if space portability (being able to stash them in your pocket when done) is not a concern like at home when you're tired of the wife talking (just kidding), or on a long travel trip, these make a great companion. Bass performance is good, but not over bearing. The overall sound is full and not at all tinny like what you get with small earbuds. The best thing about over the ear headphones is they are much more comfortable than wearing earbuds. For the price, you can't go wrong.
I have been using these headphones for the past 2 months and have been very happy with them. They are comfortable, at least for the 1-2 hours I usually wear them at a time. The sound quality is more than acceptable for this price point. Those that say these headphones sound as good as $100+ headphones just arent realistic. However, these do sound very good.One aspect of these headphones could be a pro or a con depending on your needs. The noise cancelling or rather noise muffling I, for one, like the amount of noise these keep out. It muffles all the sound going on around you while still allowing you to tell when someone is talking to you. Necessary because I work in an office where I actually have to interact with people on a regular basis.I give them 5 stars for the quality they deliver at this price point.
The earplugs that came with my MP3 player were horrible and so I started to look for over the ear headphones but you have got to be kidding me, if you think I am going to spend a couple hundred dollars on over the ear head phones!So "Theoldguy" started reading and asking around.  Seems a lot of people think Sennheiser products are very, very good and yes they have some expensive ones too but again after asking around I was told these would work fine for my needs, and they have.The only negative is the length of the cord but with the little gismo that came with the headphones you can rap the cord around the thing and it works fine.Has a nice balance of sound, keeps some of the outside noise out and best of all, I didn't spend a ton of money on them!
So far, these headphones have met all my expectations.  I wanted to have one of the best headpones available for a low price.  The price was great, under $30.00.  I love the sound.  It is sharp & clear and I hear sounds i I didni't notice before on my cheaper headphones. If you're listening to music at work, other people don't hear your music. They stayed on my ears very well and were very comfortable for about an hour and a half.  After that, I took them off, adjusted them, gave my ears a minutes rest and they were fine. I also like the fact that this product has a long warranty.  Would defintely recommend to bargain hunter, such as myself, who don't want to spend a lot, wants somethig pretty good and aren't looking for high end headphones.
These replaced an expensive high end set of JBL's that my son gave me 2 years ago. The JBL's headband broke making the headset unusable. I bought these Sennheisers for about 1/10 of the price and they work very well for me. They sound good to me and I still enjoy the music as much as I did 50 years ago with my first set of  headphones. This is my second set of these and they are far more durable than the JBL headset. With my recent experience, I have to consider headphones to be throw away items. I would rather throw away a broken $23 set than a broken $250 set. I have never had to throw a pair of Sennheisers in the trash. Disclaimer: I have worked around running jet engines my entire adult and my hearing isn't what it used to be.
These headphones are extremely uncomfortable for even short listening periods. The ear cups are not large enough to go around your ears and they aren't full pads like true on the ear headphones, so your ear is partially squished into the opening. Perhaps if you have large ears then they will fully sit on top of your ears? I have these and the HD 201s and find the 201s FAR more comfortable to wear, having no issues with them for even long periods.The sound is pretty decent out of these for the price, although I find the highs a little lacking. The bass is more pronounced than the HD 201s, but overall the sound quality of the HD 201s is better to my ear.
Wow pretty good headphones that won't hurt your wallet.It says in the description that it covers the ears, but it doesn't completely cover your ears. It does cancel out some noise thats a plus.The bass on this thing is crazy. I blast the lows and I feel like I'm sticking my head in a club or something. The bass vibrating my whole head.Not that a lot of bass is great but wow amazing.Highs on this is pretty good you can hear lyrics just right,Not for prof. studio stuff.Only good for listening to the ipod and movies on the computer.Get these headphones for your ipod.
I have a hearing problem... (Thought I reviewed this item already) so these headphones work great with my TV's and computer.  They have a long cord that has a wrapping oval to hold the cord to the length you need to unwind for use of these headphones.  Very comfortable also on the ears... (unless you wear glasses.) Good price ... swift shipment... Will purchase second set so I don't have to carry them from room to room.  Recommend these for those who have hearing problems and do not have hearing aids... or cannot afford hearing aids.  Price... great... shipment... great.  Thanks Amazon!
I bought these headphones because I was travelling abroad and wanted headphones to listen to music but to drown out the noise from the airplane too.  And it worked.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because my son has the same exact headphones with the same model number, except his headphone are a couple of years older.  His ear pieces are slightly larger thereby making it more comfortable.  Mine ear pieces are slightly smaller and they tend to sit slightly more on the ear than completely over the ear.  I guess over the years they must have made slight modifications to the HD202 II.
I use these headphones to watch movies on my laptop and they work beautifully. Unfortunately the cord to the right earpiece has broken after a year of use. Hopefully the manufacturer will replace this headphone as they have a two-year warranty.UPDATE:I returned the broken headset to Sennheiser and they replaced it with a brand new one. Their return policy was easy to use. Go to their web site, find the form, fill it in, print it, attach the receipt (you can get a copy from Amazon if you've lost your original) and mail the item back to them.
Love the bass and overall clarity. I bought them to be my choice of mobile "take to work" or "take on a walk" headphones, which I quickly realized was a bad decision due to the length of the cable as well as the fact taht wires come from both ears. I would prefer the 3.5mm (aka "aux") cable came from only one ear cusp, but it's fine. I ended up hooking these up to my electronic drum kit for more permanent use, and I couldn't be happier with the quality. They would make great studio headphones.
This is my second set... My dad needed some headphones to use with his iPad and liked mine so much, I had to order him his own set.  He said they fit comfortably over his hearing aids and didn't cause any feedback problems.  They helped cut out external noises to help him hear better!  I used them on my last flight and while they didn't cancel out the airplane noise completely, I hadn't expected them to so was pleasantly surprised with how well they did do!! You can't beat this price for an awesome brand and product!
At the sale price an amazing headset with great sound.Covers the ears leaving you to enjoy every bit of the music on your "own"One downside is that the cord is like miles long. U can't use this as a walking around headset unless u keep the cord tied up and wound with a band. Luckily it comes with a cord storage wrap that u can clip to you belt but these days who wears such things on the. Belt.Thus not replacing my gym headphones anything soon but good for home relaxation
just a tad snug on the ears but not uncomfortable... there is a bit more bass than i expected but that also depends on the headphones you are used to... the cord is quite long but comes with a spool to wrap the excess as necessary... they are NOT noise cancelling but do block a large amount of ambient noise... my laptop only drives speakers to a moderate volume so i can not tell you how well they do if you use the adapter and plug into your home sound system... hopefully excellent
I ordered a pair of headphones for a very lengthy bus trip. These headphones feel tight on my head upon opening the item, but when I adjust them,  it's like wearing a cloud.  The sound on my music is very clear and the bass and acoustics are so much better than what I expected.  My music lists ranges from house music like Ferry Corsten to metal bands like Korn, Otep,  and Nightwish. These headphones are not hype,  especially for this price.
I bought these headphones for my 12 year old nephew who wanted big headphones for Christmas.  We hooked them up to a mere cell phone to play music and passed the headphones around.  The sound was absolutely amazing.  Everyone was so impressed that my nephew had to check his bag at the end of the night to make sure that no one tried to take them from him.  Outstanding purchase.  My husband keeps asking me when he's getting his own pair.
The sound quality and voicing is crisp.  The bass output is great; not too much to give you a headache nor too little to make you bored (on max bass boost).  Very minimal sound leakage (if you're wearing them).  The leather muffs make it comfortable, although they do get hot if you are wearing them for a while. It's good for gaming and movies, but probably the best for music.  Overall, Very good product for what it's worth.
These reasonably priced professional studio head-phones give you crystal clear audio and are comfortable to wear!  The soft cushioning gently caresses the outside of your ear while the accurate transmission of sound allows you to feel like you are really there, whether watching a You Tube video, video conferencing or simply listening to your favorite tunes!These are Bose quality without the hefty Bose price!
I got these in mid 2013 when I started producing music again and i have to say they are pretty good. The quality is great they are comfortable and they pretty durable. I say they can be used for either just listening to music or Djing and producing music. You can remove the ear cups and snap them back into place and the only bad thing I would have to say about this product is that they may go out with in a year.
I like the way it fits me. The pad on under side of headband is perfect especially for someone with minimal hair like me!  These headphones are more comfortable than any other headset I've used. The headphones have a  good audio range and work great for a FM receiver or CD player. I  bought them for use with my Amateur Radio transceiver and they are quite satisfactory at hearing the weak ones.
I have a large head, and these just fit awkwardly. The earcup ITSELF slides up and down the 'bracket', which is not only super loud when you make adjustments (your ear is literally cupped in an enclosed space on the opposite side of the cup as you clack-clack-clack it into place), but the overall fit is just poor. The sound is fine, but I immediately hated the feel of wearing them.
Bought these for my kids to use with the computer, instead of low quality in ear phones. These work great, are noise reducing (not noise canceling but they didn't claim that) and have a great sound! Wether you listen to classic, modern jazz or metal music, or play games, sound is clear. They are also cheap enough that if they break we will not cry but just buy a new pair.
These headphones have pretty good sound quality (for normal users) at a great price.  They are quite comfortable, although they may cause a little bit of ear pain while you break them in.I definitely would recommend this to anyone looking for a solid pair of headphones to use with gaming, listening to music on the PC or other general headphone uses.
May not need amp if you have a computer with the latest mother board.I read the reviews and bought an small amp fiio E12 but that make no difference to me when I use my new i7-6700k computer to enjoy music.the music sounds good in this HD 650 with or without fiio E12.
The Sennheiser HD 650s have earned a spot on BoldList's Top 5 Sennheiser Headphones list!Pros:- Specially designed acoustic silk ensures precision damping over the entire frequency range and helps to reduce THD to an incredible 0.05%- Improved frequency response is 10 - 39,500 Hz (-10 dB)- Hand-selected matched driver elementsCheck out the rest of the list for other great Sennheiser headphones: http://boldlist.net/top-5-over-ear-Sennheiser-headphones.php
I had a go with these headphones and changed my mind about them pretty quickly.  There is all the hype about these and curiosity got the best of me.  I got a chance to listen to them and used music that I'm very familiar with.I heard emphasis on pieces that are not suppose to be there in my music.  It sounded nice, but I want to be able to add my own effects and not permanently like with this HD650.Vocals sounded very nice.  Highs where nice and clean.  Bass was fast, but sounded ok.  Subbass is not there.Sad part was that I was able to overdrive these headphones with a FIIO E12A trying to push some sub bass.Fitment was really good on my head.  Very comfy and light.  My problem is all that plastic for an obscene amount of money and the sound isn't that great for what I like to listen too.I've used an OPPO PM-2 and a HIFIMAN 400i to compare the HD650 against.  Not fair really, planar vs dynamic.  But at the asking price, I feel it was ok to do so.  The used prices are more realistic in what it really is worth.
Not much to say, you can look up all the review on the web. These things sound great. I was looking for something that I could listen to for extended periods while I work that would not fatigue my ears and these are perfect for that purpose. The grado SR80's I had before just had way to much high end and wore me out very quickly. These are much more balanced and with a decent headphone amp they sound great.
I'm the sort of consumer who buys "really good" equipment and then keeps it 'til it fails (or is rendered obsolete by conditions outside my ability to control).  So, when my last pair of nice, mid-range headphones died recently, I wanted to get something really nice.  These headphones were my choice to replace the old ones, based upon significant research on my part.First off...  yes, the stories  you've heard are true... these headphones really do have an extended "break-in" period (several days of steady use) before they sound as good as they ought to sound.  I knew this going in, but was still uneasy when I first tried them out and heard almost "hollow and tinny" sound.  Now that I've owned and used them for several weeks, the sound is truly wonderful, however... rich, full, and encompassing, with the best tonal accuracy I've heard on any set I've ever used.  I realize that there are better sets out there... but those sell for thousands of dollars, and honestly, I doubt I'd be able to tell the difference.These are definitely "open" which means that (given appropriate listening volume) you can hear things around you, and those around you can hear (at very reduced apparent volume) whatever you're listening to.  I don't mind that, but bear it in mind if you want to use them to listen in bed, for example, without disturbing the person next to you.  That's not going to happen.As for comfort...  I suppose those with very hard heads would find them uncomfortable at first.  My head isn't quite that large so I feel perfectly comfortable with them on for extended use.I've tried them on my Pioneer receiver in both "pure direct" playback mode and in "headphones" based modes... I strongly prefer the "pure direct" mode.  Any processed playback loses some fidelity... something I'd never noticed on my prior headphones but can definitely notice using these.I'm very satisfied.  They look nice, feel nice, and sound wonderful.  My only "wish" is that I would have preferred a longer cable... and I guess I need to get a high-end extension (which, despite what I've read, I doubt will harm my sound quality).  I want to use them while sitting in my recliner about ten feet back from my home entertainment center.
A classic that still sounds terrific.  Yes, you do need a good,powerful amp if you want to hear them at their very best (I use a Schiit Asgard). Highs are somewhat rolled offbut there is a great deal of detail present (i.e. - NO VEIL), esp. with the right amp. Cymbals sounds just right.Bass is tight, textured, accurate and full but somewhat missing in the deepest region. And oh what a midrange,vocals sound wonderful, tonal colors are accurate, just incredible at this price.  Very comfortable. I'm not sure Iwould choose these as a monitoring headphone myself because of the rolled off highs, but that sound signaturemakes them a great, fatigue free listening headphone. Very nice soundstage. I got them when the price dippeddown to $299 briefly and at that price they are an absolute steal.
At $299.99 this is a steal.  I have about 13 headphones now and they are all ~$199.99 to $399.99 price ranges.  I was skeptical about what you really hear from headphones and the big differences in price vs. expectations.  WoW!  This headphone is pretty amazing.  Everything is richer and the guitar strings in the songs just stand out so much.If you thought you could hear saliva and spit before, take a listen again.  Also, this might sound identical to most headphones if you don't have the proper power and headphone amp to go with it.  I'm using this with the Sony PHA-1 and Woo Audio WA7.  Simply amazing... now you know the second reason why God gave us sound.
These have been known as one of the best headphones by audiophiles for over a decade. They are. Simple as that.I found them quite stiff out of the box, but a little stretching will give your head some mercy.Make sure you have a decent amplifier to drive these things. I'm currently running them off a schiit magni 2 uber, but I plan to also try a more high-end tube amp. Legend has it the better the amp, the better the sound these things make. Also, cd quality or higher doesn't hurt either.It may take many hours (20-100) to get these a little burned in and sounding refined. I found the treble really recessed upon first listen. 5 hours of pink noise later, and it's crisp and forward and lovely :)Just take good care of them, and they'll last you a lifetime.
From the very first song I played with these on I knew I finally found the quality of sound I was looking for.Just great where I can play it loud without it hurting my ears and the sound is so detailed and balanced to my ears. If these get better the more I play them like many people say I guess I am in for a real treat (although I cannot imagine much better than what this gives me).Mainly I run these through my Marantz PM6005 but also my Pioneer SC-1522-K. Other headphones I tried with these amps include the HD598, Sony MDR-V6, and the Linx Audio Lost Cause which all left much to be desired. Those sound fine plugged into my laptop, tablet, or iPhone but when hooked up to my Marantz or Pioneer it could not handle the higher volumes without distorting and hurting my ears.Perhaps I will add more later but I just wanted to get a quick review in for these since they are so great.
These are really good $450 headphones. Well, duh.Extremely comfortable, very well made, very clear and natural sound even on difficult things like sibilants.Just one problem: they're bassy as all heck. You buy these, you're putting a bass-boost equalizer on your sound, in effect. I know, I'm old, and it's the modern trendy thing. Heck, I even listen to a lot of modern music - I listen to trance virtually every day. But this is just over the top.I'd like to find something exactly like these, but neutral.I did keep them, though. They ARE really comfortable and they DO sound great. They're just too bassy.
I've owned my HD 650's for about 6 years now, and probably have listened to 10,000 hours of music with them during that time. They sound just as fantastic today as they did when I first bought them. They are still in great condition physically, too. The black felt material that covers your ears has turned a little brown over time, but it's really no big deal. The HD 650's are the best music investment I ever made. I didn't realize how much better music could honestly sound before I got these. I had been using the standard iPod headphones that everyone had years ago, and I could seriously never go back now. The sound is extremely full-sounding and gives the perception of coming from a wide range of directions. I would characterize these headphones as roughly neutral in character. In my opinion, they don't overly emphasize the low or high frequencies in any particular way.BUT, make sure you also invest in a quality headphone amp too in order to get the best out of them. The Schiit brand of products in particular is excellent.
For years my reference headphones was the Sennheiser HD 595. I am by no means an audiophile, but I do appreciate good sound, and am very distinct in what I like and don't like.I never really truly appreciated the 595 until I bought some cheap headphones for international travel because the 595 can't be folded, and was a bit bulky for backpacks and suitcases. Once, when Amazon had a pair of V-MODA on sale for cheap, I couldn't pass it up, and got it as my secondary headphones. But even after knowing they won't be as good as my 595, I was still disappointed, and that's when my audiophile itch began - I was starting to wonder, if my 595 was this good, what headphones out there can be better?Because I love hard rock, especially beautiful guitar rock like Guns N' Roses, Led Zeppelin, Ozzy with Randy Rhoads, and some newer bands like System of a Down and Avenged Sevenfold, I knew I wanted something that would accentuate the guitars and drums. So in other words, I wanted clear crisp highs of the snare drums, the deep bass of the bass drums, and the velvety mids of the guitars.So this first led me to the HifiMan HE-400, because I heard of the wonderful bass it dishes. Maybe I got a defective pair, or maybe I had to wait about 50-100 hours for it to break in, but I didn't have that time, or the money to waste to wait it out, so I returned it. The sound left me very unimpressed and underwhelmed. First, the bass was nice, but everything felt recessed, muffled. It could not come anywhere close to the soundstage and airiness and liveliness of the 595. Listening to the 595 felt like I was on stage, while the HE-400 left me way back in the nosebleeds.Having all these bad experiences left me wanting to come back to Sennheiser, which was what I really wanted all along, but was open enough to try others. So, undeterred, but not having the deep wallet to shell out for the HD 700 or 800, I made a splurge for the HD 650.So, as the title subtly suggests, I am overwhelmed. Even without its break-in time, I already know this is the headphones for me. Putting in the Guns N' Roses Las Vegas Blu ray, I compared the 595 side by side with the 650. After about 15 minutes of tuning to the 650 and getting used to it, the 595 sounds, well, almost garish. the 650 doesn't have the liveliness of the 595, but everything else it exceeds.By liveliness, I mean the 595 brings all the mids and highs to the front, so a rock band feels very festive, and the bass, while doesn't have the kick of other headphones that geared towards music with bass, nevertheless delivers a very precise and well-packaged punch.The 650, by comparison is darker - it's like comparing melted chocolate to the 595's water. The 650 sounds just so much more smooth and velvety. And that bass! It envelopes you, and the soundstage is even more immersive than the 595's.I know every person's ears are a bit different, and enjoying beautiful sounds and music is ultimately subjective, but for me, I love the Sennheiser "sound." So I will keep both the 595 and 650, and am looking forward to another few years when I can grab the 700 and 800.I think for 99% of us, the Sennheiser HD 650 is a wonderful pair of headphones - DEFINITELY RECOMMENDED!
After a long collection of headphones, I finally caved and bought these. There's no words to express what these cans sound like. This is it. You won't get any better than this until you hit the $1000 mark for headphones, which, for now, is a little bit out of my budget.
I bought these bad boys almost 8 years ago.  The sound is amazing.  Its a open ear design so you can hear ninjas sneaking up behind you in your house.  The bass is kinda weak and the left side stopped working after 8 years in use.  My other headphones are Sony MDR-V6 Studio monitors and that has lasted me 13 years with no issues and the sound is better imo.
I had decent headphones, or so I thought. Maybe they were just expensive. But now that I have these, it's like night and day difference! The are a little tight on the squeeze, but comfortable enough to wear for hours. The reason I mention it though is that I wear glasses and it gets a little janky occasionally. But the sound! Oh, the sound! So worth it. Don't forget to get a proper amp due to the impedance of these.
I am almost a collector of high-end headphones.  I actually think these give my HD 800s a serious challenge when paired with the right amount of power.  You absolutely need a headphone amp to get the most performance from these gems, but you don't need to spend that much on the amp to get great results.  Even the bargain priced Schitt-Magni drove them very well.  I actually find them to be outstanding when played through an OPPO BPD-105.  This player has remote volume control, and ample headphone power to get the best from them.  I really can't find any material flaw in their sound.  It may lean a touch to the warm side compared to some of the the more clinical sounding options out there, but it is not enough to feel like it is impacting the accuracy.  With a solid state amp, they just sound like the have a high quality tube amp in the mix.Highly Recommend!!
I'm a music lover, but also enjoy music production in various forms.  I enjoy a lot of genres of music. I do love to sit back and get lost in the music but I also like analytic and critical listening as well.  It's a little hard for to me to review these, since I'm not the targeted demographic for these.  They seem to be designed for more laid back listening or for those that enjoy a more colored sound to their music.  Not even an eq (which I don't think should be necessary for a $499+ headphone) is going to make these work for me.I own quite a few pairs of headphones, the AKG Q701 / K702 / 271MKII, the Beyerdynamic T1 / DT 770(80ohm) / 880(600ohm) / 990(250 ohms), the Grado 325is and the Sennheiser HD600.  I have had a chance to compare them all to the HD 650's and felt like the 650's didn't do anything that some of my other headphones didn't already do better.  I tried the 650's on several different headphone amps and just didn't feel they did anything special.  The main reason I didn't fall in love with them though is the HD600's. I purchased a pair of HD600's about a year ago and I loved them after I spent 10-20 hours.  When I reached 30-40 hours in I knew I would never part with them.If I had never heard the HD600's maybe I would feel differently.  They are very similar in design and have a lot of the same sound characteristics.  The HD650's have a bass boost and they are not as clear as the HD600's to me (I guess "veiled" is as good a description as any).  I feel like by DT 990's already fill that niche with a much tighter bass response (although the higher frequencies will bother some).  Now everyone has their own tastes and everyone hears music differently. Some would say the Grado's and Beyer headphones are too harsh and grating when it comes to the higher frequencies.  If you feel this way, the HD650's might be for you, although I don't find the HD600's to be remotely harsh.I really thought having the HD650's and the HD600's both would give me the best of both worlds, but to me they are too similar with the main difference being the HD650's are more veiled and bass heavy.  The head phones sound a little "slow" and at times even a little bit murky on the lower frequencies.  On some records it can feel like the bass is seeping into the mid-range.  Some people love a colored headphone with an enhanced bass sound that is more forgiving on lower quality music formats.  It works with a lot of types of music and I can see why some people prefer them.  If you are a bass head, this head phone may still be a little too analytical for you though.  There is also no question that the HD650's are the better looking headphones, the HD600's paint look like a bad pair of hammer pants from the early 90's.The HD650's are a huge step up for most people and are a great mid-fi headphone.  I just wish I would have had the opportunity to listen to them both side by side before purchasing both.  I had to get both to see what everyone was talking about, but it was an expensive "adventure."  I just don't think you really need both, if you like one, it's not worth getting the other.Either way I have to take off two stars.  One because they are severely overpriced for a mid-fi headphone.  You can usually pick up a pair of the 600's for around $280-300. You could even find a high end set of headphones like the T1 or the HD 800's used around $800-900 if you are lucky and they smoke the 650's. I'm not sure why the 650's go for $499.  The other star is because even though a colored sound may be what some prefer, I don't think you should label them "reference" headphones or audiophile headphones.  To me, getting rid of the 650's was an easy decision. To sum it up:PROS:*Cosmetically, this is a stellar headphone*It is very sturdy and parts are interchangeable between the 600's and the 598's*The cable is detachable, why don't more companies do this?????*It comes packaged in a nice sturdy box that you can use to store them in*Great for people that like an enhanced bass curveCONS:*$499 is far too much for a mid-fi headphone, especially when the HD600's often go for around $300*The colored sound disqualifies this from being Audiophile or Reference in my book*The foam in the box smells funky, but I find this is the case with the HD600's as well
I will not suggest that I've auditioned every other headset in existence. I will instead suggest that as far as headphones go, HD 650's represent a glass ceiling for how good head-based audio can sound. Combined with a Xonar Essence, these cans will give simultaneously emit a warm soundstage and every environmental/digital artifact of whatever media you choose, regardless of quality.These headphones are worth $500. My only non-problem is that there is nothing that COULD sound better without assaulting your chest cavity, and that level of impact (which is obviously exclusive to real speakers) becomes a glaring lack when the sound is this good. You will want to physically lean forward, toward the veil, when wearing 650's; and nothing makes that staring into the abyss more maddening than noting the lack of corporeal substance to the sound that even relatively cheap standing speakers provide.Consider this a warning. I seriously doubt anyone would regret buying these on their merits as headphones, but at this tier the 650's are trying to transcend the category and that limitation can be infuriating.
In this technical review I will explain and gives a few examples why the HD650 are the excellent headphones that they are.  I'll also dispel a few misconceptions about its performance.  Initially, I was unsure whether it was really worth buying these expensive (unfortunately now even more expensive) headphones, since the HD650 has earned a special reputation on certain large forum sites on the Internet.  Apparently the HD650 is great, but at the same time is "veiled", with a "dark sound signature"; it's also "hard to drive", "picky about amps, scaling with more expensive amps into the >$1000 territory".  It created confusion in me and I thought to myself if all that really makes any sense.  So I first researched electro-acoustic principles on an informative blog and learned some truth that made logical sense.  Then I finally purchased it.Cosmetically, the HD650 has a nice clear-coat finish over the titanium-silver (actually pearl grey) color scheme, where the small multi-colored sparkly flecks of paint can be seen around sunlight.  Even the outer side of the grille gets the sparkly treatment, while the inner side is bare stainless steel.  The stock cable (which is just fine BTW!) is thick and very supple.  It only has subtle low frequency microphonics when tapping it with fingers, and none when it's rubbed against clothing.  The fit of the headphones is secure, and stays put during left/right and angled up/down head movements.  The somewhat strong initial clamping force lessens over time.  The modular construction of the headphones makes disassembly easy.  For instance, tilting the ear cups downward a bit past the resistance as if trying to lay them flat unsnaps the upper half of the ring from the central hubs.  Once the upper half of the ring is then pulled out, place the ear cup in your lap with the cable entrance side facing you, and using your fingers in that area, firmly push away the lower trim piece which simultaneously causes the grille to come off as well!  Replacing the headband pad is simple.  (Remove the capsules beforehand.)  I managed to get the edge of my thumb just behind the Made in Ireland plastic stopper and pushed it out quickly and forcefully.  Then extend the metal band until it comes out.  Repeat for the other side.  Now slide the pad out.  It is not glued on.  To reassemble, first carefully feed the edge of the pad all the way through the narrow groove of the plastic arc.  Then put the left and right bands through the second groove behind the pad and snap back in the stoppers.Now, with all that out of the way, the best and easiest way to evaluate headphone performance is with 20Hz to 20kHz sine wave sweeps (download the logarithmic one at audiocheck.net) and pink noise.  If it sounds even and clean, then that would carry over into normal use, since sine waves are the basic building blocks of sound reproduction.  Similarly, a TV display's performance is seen with gray-scale linearity, RGB coordinates for gamut accuracy close to BT. 709, white balance targeted to 6500K, etc.  If it performs well there, such a display would be accurate for normal program material.  For audio, the sine wave sweep should not contain frequency sections that get your attention in terms of peaks, valleys, ringing or other anomalies.  I'm happy to report that the HD650 has a remarkably even and linear response during the sweep!  The so-called "mid-bass hump" isn't even perceived as being louder than the 500Hz area.  A critical area (especially for female voice and higher notes from strings and wind instruments) is from around 700Hz to 3kHz.  It is totally even there!  The HD650 does a fantastic job in that portion of the spectrum as it's incredibly natural and transparent sounding.  It's also very easy to hear the treble frequencies become finer sounding during the upward progression.  Pink noise is smooth and balanced.  It's virtually impossible to discern any imbalance between the higher frequency portion of the noise with the lower frequency portion.  I would like to point out that the compensated frequency response graph at Inner Fidelity shows a 15dB notch around 5 to 6kHz compared to 1kHz.  But actually there is no audible recession of 15 decibels in that area when listening to the sweep!  It is flat when listening by ear.  That notch is responsible for these headphones not imparting harshness and sibilance.  There is a slight audible dip at about 7kHz and another at 10kHz.  But after that the high treble is actually nicely extended and present, especially in the 12 to 16kHz region.  At the other end of the spectrum, the deep bass lacks a few dB of rumble in the lowest octave.  Overall, the HD650 has a substantially flat response and a lifelike timbre.  And the HD650's wonderful transient response can be attributed to its high frequency extension, high damping factor from the amplifier for the lower frequencies, and the low mass aluminum coil.  Everything is critically damped.I also conducted a comparison with the HD598 and HD428.  The HD598 lacks the bass response, bass weight, fuller body of the low mids to the start of the upper mids (200Hz to 750Hz) of 650.  But the 598 gets into big trouble with the lower treble and beyond.  I can detect a bit of a dip after 1kHz and then there are a couple of sharp audible peaks and a bit of shrillness from around 2kHz to 5kHz with an indistinctness over all the high frequencies afterwards.  Its pink noise has some emphasis in that area (the 'tssshhh' sound), with the lower frequencies being slightly quieter.  Hence, its sonic character is lean and bright in the upper mids and transition to the low treble.  It's easy to notice that female vocals don't have a natural timbre and cymbals lack detail compared to the HD650.  Onto the HD428.  A little bit of distortion and looseness is heard in the lower bass area but progresses quite evenly until around 3 to 4kHz where it has quite a big noticeable drop, and comes back up to about 10kHz and then gently rolls off the rest of the highs.  Its pink noise is tilted towards warmth with the lower frequencies a bit louder than the higher ones.  Though Headroom's graph shows a weak bass response for the HD428, it does not take into account how the human ear interprets low frequency resonance inside the closed ear cups.  (A quick sweep or 3 second chirp also reveals an echo-knock inside the right cup).  Bass is quite tight, but lacks real impact or weight (except for the fabric material tickling the ears), even though it gives the impression of a little more bass than the 650 due to resonance (but that resonance affects the perception of low frequency transients).  But at least the 428 does not have that harsh low and mid treble of the 598!  It seems more like a 650 with a subdued, mellow or recessed response from the low treble and beyond that, but it's a surprisingly clean sounding can for the price!  Its treble is more articulate than the 598s.  I think it represents a superb value along with the HD448 or HD449 and is pleasant for long listening sessions too as it doesn't offend my ears like the more strident HD598.So now that we know the HD650 is actually very balanced in frequency response (which also relates to good dynamics), it's on to distortion.  It can be summed up briefly:  This headphone's distortion is inaudible!  That means pure, clean, smooth, full-bodied sound with natural harmonics beings heard leading to accurate timbre, high resolving ability and detail retrieval since there's no discernible garbage being introduced by the transducer.  There is a clear and precise differentiation of all frequencies and octaves.  Headroom's graph for the 500Hz sine wave distortion (tested at 90dB) shows the HD650 has vanishingly low levels, lower than some other high-end headphones more expensive than it.  It has a really small second harmonic and that's about it!  Higher order distortion is virtually non-existent.  The HD650 is so linear that even when turning the volume up, it still doesn't seem like it's loud enough!  The sound never gets thick or harsh.  And there is no grain at all in the sound.  The HD598 has some graininess in the mids and highs that is ever-present indicating odd order harmonic distortion.  The HD428 isn't grainy, but has a bit of a smoothed over thickness or lushness in the mids and lacks articulation, indicating even-order harmonic distortion.  But generally, the even-order harmonics are not as offensive as the odd ones.  Headroom's graphs back up what I heard from all three.  The HD650 is a real winner here.Since harmonic distortion will necessarily produce intermodulation distortion when multiples tones are present, IMD is never nice to hear.  I can back this up with an example.  Corona's Rhythm of the Night R.B.X. Euro Mix is a well-mastered Eurodance song that has a strong grinding bass.  Once the main bassline starts at 0:36, and particularly at 0:42, the HD598 outputs a significant amount of IMD at very high volume.  The bass and treble become garbled and the song becomes an unenjoyable mess.  The HD428 chokes too.  Occasional pops can be heard since the smaller driver doesn't have enough excursion capability.  The HD650 is totally unfazed by the high demands, rendering the controlled bass with clarity, impact, and weight with appreciable bone conduction as slight vibrations are also felt through the front teeth when both rows are touching.  I do not recommend listening at such high volumes for any extended length of time for obvious reasons.  In fact, I hear more nuances in the music at more moderate to low volumes.  It may not be as stimulating that way, but it's better quality listening.I also found three easy examples of frequency response differences among all three cans!  In the CD Maxi Single of DJ BoBo's Somebody Dance With Me, at the female vocal section "I've got this feeling, somebody dance with me!", the words "feeling" and "me" are emphasized.  With the HD428, they are recessed in amplitude and thus a bit dull and lacking in dynamics.  With the HD598, that pitch is where a narrow peak occurs, so it's shrill and bright sounding there.  And with the HD650, the response is perfectly balanced with controlled dynamics.  Likewise, with 2 Unlimited's No Limits, the female vocal part "There's no limit!"  the "limit" is a similar pitch to the above example and will exhibit the same thing.  Again, the HD650 has such a wonderful and natural timbre in the critical high mids.  And an easy example of the HD598's emphasis in the upper mid to low treble transition is Sonic the Hedgehog 3's spin-dash sound effect.  It is very loud and strident.  On the HD650, it's so clean, balanced, and it's easy to hear the real clarity and "fineness" of that sound.  Now which headphone is more veiled? ;)  There's no hype in the highs with the HD650.  Hyped-up highs seem to be the new audiophile Flavor of the Times.In terms of source material requirements, lossless files or 320kbps MP3s would provide optimal sound quality.  128kbps MP3s sound thinner, particularly in the bass and midrange, due to the missing data.  Also, songs whose average volume range from about -12dB to -18dB FS will showcase the excellent micro and macro dynamics and effortless sound projection of these headphones.  The majority of pop, rock, and dance music up to the mid-1990s hover in that range, whereas nowadays most music is unfortunately compressed to a loud overall level with hardly any dynamic range.Next up is the physical inspection of the transducers.  The HD650's 40mm Duofol diaphragm (part number 600129 minisys) has a large dome with a noticeably spherical or rounded surface area.  Although the dome's diameter is slightly larger than the HD598's, the latter's dome is flatter and deflated looking in comparison to the 650's.  The HD428 has a very tiny dome and voice coil (the latter seems to be only about 10mm), which will naturally limit its bass performance.The last section is the awesome spatial sound.  With the HD650 the stereo image is psycho-acoustically perceived as occurring in a free and open space.  It is instantly recognized by the auditory system like so.  I get no sense of the ear cups creating any sort of boundary to the sound.  Whether it's real-life acoustic or synthesized music, I can sense the soundstage size of all the different songs I have in a realistic way that's absolutely natural and also true to the source.Don't get too caught up in Sennheiser's marketing when they say 45 degree angled baffles by themselves automatically create a speaker-like sound as that may create a sighted or expectation bias.  There's a near negligible difference in the radiating point of a mono signal when I listened to angled (HD598) and straight (HD650) baffle design headphones.  Yet the HD650 easily beats the HD598 in width, depth, height, and separation even though it doesn't have angled drivers.  I'll explain why the spatial sound is superb.  The 650 has close-tolerance drivers (max. 1 dB difference) meaning both left and right channels have nearly identical phase (time) and frequency (amplitude) response, which are required for good imaging.  So in that regard, the HD650's transducers are reproducing the electrical signal (i.e. the source) with much greater accuracy.  Pink noise is perfectly centered without the slight shift towards the left like on the other two headphones.  The sine sweep is also centered all the way from 20Hz to 20kHz and does not pan to the left and right with the upper mids and treble like the lower-end models.  And compared to the other models, during stereo playback the HD650 has a solid phantom center that is present (thanks to the constantly centered sine sweep), while the left and right channels are simultaneously heard separately just outside the pinna (instead of in the ear).Elaborating a bit further on the previous statement, the center portion of the mix is *distinct* and is experienced as *separate* from other sounds that are placed towards the left and right while they are *simultaneously* occurring.  The asterisks denote the differences between the HD650, which has precision-manufactured drivers, and the HD598, which does not.  For example, in Madonna's "Dress You Up", the beginning part where she says "you've got style" there are reverb tails of "style" at the left and right that are separate from the main center with the HD650, but not with the HD598.  Any slight pan or shift during the sweep will result in lack of stability in stereo imaging performance.  For instance, in Phil Collins' Another Day in Paradise, during the chorus, "Cause it's another day for you, you and me in paradise" the HD428 shifts the "me" to the left of center compared to "you", since the former is an upper mid sound while the latter is a lower mid sound.  The HD650 has no flaws here.  And phase information in the music (e.g. reverberations from the instruments in the hall in classical music) seem wide open.  And the totally open chassis design further allows the sound to radiate out without contributing its own reflections.The HD650's earcups utilize a proprietary plastic (there are no ABS labels unlike inside the HD598) that is quiet and solid when the gloss black portion adjacent to the earpads is lightly tapped with a fingernail.  Likewise, only a nice distinctive metallic sound can be heard when tapping on the grille when the headphones are worn or held.  Doing the same thing to the HD598 reveals a hollow plastic sound.  Indeed, this attribute (lack of resonances in the housing) along with the aforementioned driver matching contributes to the sense of transparency in the HD650's stereo imaging, in that a pure audio image that consists only of time and level differences is formed in the mind.It's also finally worth mentioning that the HD650, since its distortion is so low, will reveal the relatively high distortion from tube amps.  So this "scaling with expensive amps" mentioned in the opening paragraph essentially means listening to the various amounts of second harmonic distortions of tube amps.  I personally would recommend pairing the HD650 with a nice solid-state amp.  It doesn't matter how much that amp costs, but about getting one that measures well (flat response, no distortion or noise), has near zero output impedance, and provides enough voltage (anything in the 2 to 3 volts RMS range is absolutely sufficient) for a powerful and exciting dynamic range.  In the audio industry, higher priced gear does not always translate into better performance.  This industry has some strange things going on now, like ridiculous price differences between the high-end models. Considering I bought the HD428, HD598, and HD650 new from Amazon last year for $50, $180, and $350 respectively, it seems a bit odd for the next two models to cost $1000 and $1500.The HD650 has a full and well-balanced frequency response, extremely low distortion with its clean, pure, and smoothly detailed sound even at very high listening levels.  It has no discernible diaphragm or earcup resonance which would otherwise produce a peak in the mid-range or treble response and has a wonderful, naturally open spatial sound.  Sennheiser may never voice a reference headphone this nicely ever again or at least for a long time to come.  What more is there to ask?  The HD650 easily satisfies the criteria for true high-fidelity reproduction.
Although these are my first audiophile grade headphones, I have owned and listened to a fair amount of hi-fi gear, and auditioned even more. I'll be brief. They produce beautiful music, not treble-happy, forward sounding Grado-esque, more of a fuller, musical LCD-2ish. The clarity with a good dac/amp rivals anything I have heard of yet. Very comfortable too. All in all, a true world class product that every self-respecting audiophile should own at least once in their lives. Highly recommended!
I have absolutely nothing bad to say about these headphones. I waited about a year from deciding that I was going to buy them, to actually buying them. These are definitely worth every penny, but it's not worth it to stretch your earnings to be able to buy this. It's a luxury item, nothing more.Re-listening to all my music in high-definition is the most fun I've had in a while. Some people might think it's weird, but simply sitting down and listening to music is a very relaxing activity for me now.I paired these with the Fiio e7/e9 combo, and my music sounds ridiculously good. Indescribable.
These are the first step. Like anyone looking to make this kind of investment for headphones I did a lot of reading before buying. That is only going to get you so far. You need to hear these. Ten years ago I listened to a pair of HD600 straight off a disc-man with NO amp. I was completely blown away, I set out to find the perfect headphones for one hundred dollars, that was a mistake. I kept buying headphones in that range over the years and nothing came close. I was torn between these and the 600's, but decided that I loved the look of these and a few reviews pushed me to get the 650's. I highly suggest going to Guitar Center or some place that you can compare them, I believe the 600's maybe the superior sounding ones (it's always the ugly ones). It's been said that a good set up is the  Lehmann Audio Black Cube Linear amp/HD600 using a 650 headphone cable. But there is no way I'm paying that kind of money for an amp...I'm not an expert and I don't plan to collect anymore headphones (unless I end up with a pile of extra money). If you are just getting into quality sound, these will destroy what you thought was possible for home listening. Even without burn-in, and an expensive amp and listening to a 128kbps file in itunes, you will want to throw out your old headphones, you will look at them with disgust and you will start ripping everything you own at lossless. These only get better with everything you bring to them, they are hungry for better. More than likely I'll be getting a Schiit amp as my first amp. Currently running these from an Apogee One for digtial or a Technics SA-5170 for vinyl and happy with this setup. I'd love to understand why people think these should have a dedicated amp.Things that you will notice when you listen. The sound stage will be expanded, the clarity and richness will be improved, the separation: you will hear things you never noticed (one voice will clearly become 3 layered voices, one piano will become 4, fingers will slide on strings) everything will become a personal concert. If you are on the fence about these don't hesitate, it's like going from and old TV to a HUGE HD one with bluray. If you are an audio pro, you probably already own these. If you didn't like something about these and you think they need to be amped, you have more money than brains (or very good hearing). If you want to significantly improve your daily enjoyment of music, buy these now. Like everyone else says there are cons: The band is tight, they are open so you can hear everything in the room (ie keyboard clicks and talking) and people can hear the headphones. These are most likely for home use only. Good thing they look more comfortable than most of the furniture in my house. You should know by now what you are getting into with these.These come in a huge foam lined box, there was nothing to cut, no way to tell if it had ever been opened or not. The cord is kevlar (think bulletproof vests) and replaceable, one time I sucked them into the vacuum roller (not this pair), seemed bad but survived (HD 495). They are light and comfortable to wear for me (not as comfy as my HD 428). They look amazing, much better than the HD600's. I think there is a lot that could be improved about how they are built (comfort and usability), but I'm insane when it comes to small details.You will want a multi-disc player or good quality digital music (big hard drive). What I listened to so far: NIN, Tool, The Cinematic Orchestra, Sam Prekop, Zoe Keating, Underworld, Aphex Twin, Miles Davis, Amadeus Soundtrack, Kodo, Led Zeppelin, Billy McLaughlin, Doomtree, Yo-Yo Ma, Alice in Chains (unplugged), Rodrigo Y Gabriela, Nirvana and Jimi. And I'll go to bed after I listen to everything that exists...These shine with live and acoustic tracks.Don't wait 10 years like I did. Get them now and start hearing your music for the first time. So worth it.On a side note, I'd consider getting a second pair of these rather than spending the money for a nice surround sound system. I figure the audio is as good but much cheaper. If Schiit is reading consider making an amp for movie buffs and their girlfriends to share. Update: I'd suggest the wireless HDR 120 for TV and Movies.
These headphones have a few issues. First, there is a characteristic 'dark' sounds from Sennhesier, which I don't prefer. Second these are very power hungry and you good a good strong amp to drive them, not good for computer use without a headphone amp, and the soundstage is odd. You hear the mix hard left, hard right and right up the middle, but the three directions don't come together. At this discounted price, probably best for the money, but not perfect. Oddly sounded best with trance music or singer songwriter music. R&R; sounded odd with the vocal lacking in volume.
These are the first headphones I spent more than $100 on, so I can't compare them to others, but I love them. People say you should let them break in for a while before they sound their best, so I've left them plugged into my amp all week while watching TV; they sound a bit better (even though they were very good out of the box) and I expect they'll improve after a bit more burn-in as well as after I get the Cardas upgraded cables.The only word of caution on these is that, since they are open cans, they may not be the best in quiet environments as everyone will hear what you're hearing or extremely noisy environments as they won't block out the sounds. They are perfect when you're home and want to crank up the sound without having the neighbors call the cops. I even hear subtle sounds that I seem to miss when listening with my surround system. These would also be good for someone who has a bit of a hearing problem: they can wear the cans while everyone listens with the speakers.If you'll be in crowds & noisy areas (office, planes, subway, etc) you should look at closed headphones, otherwise these are great. They're light for their size, comfortable, and sound fantastic.
I owned the Audio-Technica ATH-AD700 before these, and wanted better sound.  I wanted to hear sounds that I'd never heard from headphones before.  After searching the internet for a few weeks, I finally made the decision to buy these.  After reading so much, I discovered that you can't really BEAT the performance of these headphones without spending upwards of $900.  I also found out they required a proper amp to drive them; so I bought a Little Dot MK III at the same time.  I have been blown away from the sound since day one(I bought both 12/15/10).  Every day I use them, I am reminded of how great they are.  I don't know what to say about them that hasn't been said before.  They have a very solid history if you do a bit of googling.  A+ item.  If anything ever happened to them and they were out of warranty, I would definitely buy them again.EDIT:  I forgot to mention that, one of the biggest complaints from people is that it clamps on your head too tight.  This is obviously because the adjustable metal bands are still tight and fresh from factory.  Since they are metal, you can just bend them ever so slightly outwards, reducing the tension on your head.  I did this when I got my headphones and it made them feel as if they were meant for my head.
Finally got this to see what the fuss is all about.  I've been collecting high-end headphones and this was the only guy missing in my collection.Sound quality-wise, this is a no-brainer.  Exactly what I was looking for because I was bored of the flatness of AKG and not impressed with the Denon's artificial sound stage.  The Senn 650 is somewhat in between for a good balance of true sound with some ever-so slight flavor.  Bass in not over-whelming like the Denon AHD2000 but much more noticeable than the AKG K701 or any of the Grado line.It has a 1/2 inch plug which makes sense because you're not bringing this guy with you on your commute.  They're open-back meaning noise escape like portable speakers and more importantly, you will barely hear anything if this is not connected to an amp.That being said, I was very underwhelmed by the presentation because these are very expensive headphones and they came in a box made out of cheap outer cardboard.  The build quality cannot compare with the Denon AHD2000.  Out of the box they do not feel like its an expensive piece of electronics.  The brand name is painted on top of headband with white paint.  Seriously?  Comfort is just horrible for this class of headphones.  If I paid $100, I wouldn't mind, but for so much money this better fit like a glove which it did not.  The most comfortable headphones I have so far is the AKG K701 - so good you don't even feel like you're wearing anything.  Even the D2000 are better than the Senns because they don't pinch your head by being quite loose, maybe even too loose.Overall, it's not the prettiest headphones and nowhere near comfortable, but it does provide a great balance between true sound and unique playfulness that will be hard to find elsewhere.UPDATE: headphones are quite comfortable after some time.  I basically use these with my Nuforce AMP/DAC all the time now.  These are probably the best headphones in my collection because they are quite comfortable and the sound quality is just amazing.  I think if I was stranded on an island and I can only pick 1 headphones from collection I would not even hesitate in choosing this pair.
Build-quality - yep.Replaceable cables - yep.Comfortable long term - yep.Replaceable ear-cups - yep.Great sound - mode definitely.These are my first set of really high-end "reference" headphones.  They're so good, they convinced me to finally get a high-end headphone amp.Combine these headphones with a good headphone amp, and a digital-in for your lossless music rips, and there is little else can do to make it any better.  Sure there are higher end headphones, but not for $350.  Amazing price for headphones of this quality.
These headphones sound absolutely incredible and I don't know what praise I can give them that hasn't already been said many times.  The only downsides I can think of (open design, hard to drive properly, non-flat frequency response) are design decisions that given these cans their beautiful sound quality so they can't really be considered downsides.  Every time I listen to these I am in my own world of musical bliss and find it hard to stop listening.  It is always "just one more song" and "just one more..." until next thing I know it is 2:00am and I have to be up for work in a few hours!The best advice I can give is to drive these properly, do not hook them directly up to the headphone jack on, well anything except for a quality receiver or amp.  Actually I would highly recommend a headphone amp such as one from [...]  I am currently using a Headroom Total Bithead and the HD650s sound incredible and as I upgrade my amp, dac and source material in the future, the HD650s will only sound better and better.If you can afford these, they are worth every penny.  There hasn't been a second that I have regretted my purchase and these are one of my most prized possessions.
Echo most of the positive comments in other reviews. Wonderful sound overall...I find them neutral, which can sound a bit "dead" to some, especially if you're used to "colorful" speakers. They need a fairly powerful headphone amp if you want the best sound - your portable iPod probably isn't up to the task unassisted. Like many fine speakers, I find they needed a good 8-10 hours of listening to fully break in. The semi-open air design lets you hear what's going on around you, which I like but it's not the usual "dead zone" you get from sealed earcups. Finally, I find the fit slightly snug, but not annoyingly so. Great choice overall.
I am not an audiophile and so perhaps my perspective is somewhat primitive. I have to qualify by saying that I have a fairly good sound system to the tune of maybe 5K.  My first reaction to these speakers especially after reading all the rave reviews from experts was, "that's it?"  To my untrained ears it sounded veiled, distant and indistinct.  I did not feel like I was "in the audience" as some described.  I allowed for the break-in period, upgraded the cable to Cardas and bought an X-Can V3 headphone amp, and now I have to say that the veil was lifted and the sound is superb, though it still does not compare to a higher end speaker system.  I recommend the 650's but not without the upgrades which brought the total tab to over 1K.  So if the price tag seems reasonable I would highly recommend it.  I would give it a 4.5 if that was possible, but in my feeble ears, the sound was not a religious experience as expected from other reviews.  But I can settle for just excellent.
My review should end there.  But for those who need to know more, here's my take.  My head-amp is a Musical Fidelity XCan-V3 and I use the Cardas replacement cable.  I also own Sennheiser HD600s, AKG K701s and Beyerdynamic DT880s.  Each has its special qualities, and all are superb.  I listen mainly to classical music, so let's talk concert halls.  The Sennheisers are like a "warm" 19th century hall: think Symphony Hall in Boston or the "old" (before the 90s refurbishment) Carnegie Hall.  (The AKGs and Beyerdynamic phones are like a 20th century hall and are "airy" and exciting.  In fact, the Beyerdynamic phones, to my ears, emphasize sibilants but are otherwise superb. The AKGs "throw the best soundstage" and their presentation almost seems as if it is coming from somewhere outside of my head, which is very unusual for a headphone and quite beguiling. If forced to choose, I'd probably narrow it down to the HD650s and the K701s.) As for any differences between the two Sennheisers, I prefer the HD650s.  My HD600s are about 5 years old (I don't think I've put in more than 500 hours with them, though) and they sound slightly "grainy" compared to the HD650s.  The HD650s respond to transients faster and are thereofore somewhat clearer and more involving, to my ears.  Again, all of this is very subjective, but I was just listening (through the HD650s) to the new Abbado recording of Mozart's "Zauberflote" and I have never heard a celesta sound so beautiful and ethereal.  But be forewarned: No matter what anyone says (and several professional reviewers claim that they are quite comfortable), the HD650s are a far tighter fit than the HD600s. They grasp the sides of my head with some force, but this becomes less acute after a few moments. I can also somewhat alleviate the pressure by pushing outward on the earcups from time to time and by adjusting the rake angle of the earcups so they they are angled more to the back of my head than to the front.  I strongly recommend that you try them on for comfort before buying.  (In contrast, the Beyerdynamic phones are extremely comfortable on my head, even more comfortable than the HD600s, and are just about the most comfortable "high-end" phones out there that I have tried, but the sibilant emphasis issue is important to me.)  Remember these are headphones.  First, if you're uncomfortable wearing them, they're likely to stay unused; and second, they may likely sound different to you than they do to me because our ears are shaped differently.  It is very important to listen to headphones before you buy.
this headphone is not the best one.It's an open dynamic type headphone.If you don't use very precise and powerful headphone amplifiers,this headphone will be only an ugly big headphone.I recommend STAX's headphone. STAX is a small japanese audio maker for audiophiles.STAX's headphones are "electro-static" type headphones.The only maker in the world which manufactures "electro-static" headphones is STAX.Its sound is incredibly precise and real.In particular, if you like classical musics, BUY STAX!From lower frequency to higher frequency, STAX's headphone sounds ultra precisely and lightly like feather.STAX's engineers say "ear-speaker", don't say "headphone",because they believe that headphones are not inferior toloud-speakers.
1. They sound great without an amp.2. they sound much better with an amp.3. they feel like wearing a "pillow" on your head4. Soundstage is excellent, a bit laid back5. There is less volume in the treble region, this allows the music to last longer without wearing out your ears.6. If you remove the foam over the drivers the sound becomes a bit clearer and brighter, however the soundstage changes and for me it sounded a bit out of balence when i did that.7. there are after market cables that cost the same as the headphone itself, i cannot say if the cable actually make it sound better.8. Other great headphones: KGS K 701, Grado RS-1, Beyer DT 880. however, it is worth noting that the Sennheiser cost less than all of these.
I originally was educated about the audio beauty of Sennheiser headphones over 5 years ago, having only experienced the most basic of Sony headphones that you would get at a local electronics store. I was under the assumption that headphones are headphones, what could possibly be different about a pair with a name I had never heard of versus a pair made by an electronic giant like Sony? As I slipped the Sennheisers on my ears, I never looked back.Ignorance was NOT bliss in this case.Soon after I got to experience what music is supposed to sound like, I quickly purchased a pair of Sennheiser headphones of my own and have enjoyed them ever since. From their cool, velvety feel to the crispness of audio clarity, I challenge anyone to find a headphone manufacturer that exceed Sennheiser.My Sennheisers have given me hours upon hours of sonic joy and I guarantee you will not be disappointed if you give them a chance. Are Sennheiser headphones more expensive? Are Mercedes more expensive? I am sure if you ask a Mercedes owner to give up their keys for a Ford they would laugh at your just as quickly as I would if someone wanted to replace my Sennheiser headphones with a Sony pair from Best Buy.You will NOT be disappointed.***** HIGHEST POSSIBLE RECOMMENDATION
i bought these for $20 at marshalls, and man am i happy, these have amazing sound, like i had no idea these could be $20, but if you have a tj maxx or marshalls near you, save your money and buy them there. the only thing i didn't like is these were the wired only, no fold headphones, but i really don't care. The price I got them at and the sound makes up for everything.
I purchased these a while ago about 4 months or so, the 8 bit design I revived these and was eager to try them out so I plugged in the cord and put on some music the music was coming out in bits so I had to turn the jack around a certain way to get full soundThen I tried noise cancellation and leakage noise cancel action almost non and you could share the music with your pal right across from you with volume at 60%But I will give credit they are extremely durable except the ear muff it occasionally falls out and is extremely hard to put back in.Sound quality is affected by style of headphones the leakage is very disappointing
I am no audiophile, but these sound great. We bought them for my son when his sister ruined his original pair of Hesh. He in turn left the new pair, these, mixed up with his dirty laundry and they were run through the washing machine. We heard them clunking around in the dryer. Pulled them out, plugged them in, and THEY STILL WORKED!
I have always been a fan of Skullcandy headphones but I usually just bought earbuds because they were cheaper and seemed more convenient than carrying around giant headphones. It is now that I realized that I was very wrong. I love these hesh's. They have lasted me longer than most buds I have had, and sound quality is very nice. I can hear everything and have now become more picky about the music I listen to on places like YouTube where quality varies a lot. They have been super comfortable, I mean wear them for hours every day and they do not bug me in the least. Overall a great purchase and worth your money.
I wanted some over the ear headphones, and these sound great. They are not lightweight things, so I'll have to see how that wears.WARNING: I wanted the ones with the mic/pause-button on the cable, but accidentally got the ones with no mic. Looking more carefully at the Amazon page, the mic no/mic variants are mixed together on the one product page as if they are just different colors, so be careful about that.
I'll start by saying that they DID look good and were a very comfortable fit. The set started out fulfilling expectations only to have right side stop working completely and left side less than adequate performance less than 3 weeks after receiving them.  Also, cord was much shorter than I expected.  Will be returning to seller for refund.
These worked really well while they worked, but they gave up suddenly yesterday after less than a year of use. They were working fine in the morning then when I went to use them in the evening they simply wouldn't work. They cost too much to only get 10 months of use out of them.
I've been. A loyal skullcandy consumer for over ten years.  The sound quality is the best for the money.  I had a pair of the ear headphones that lasted for 7 years.  I bought these and received them 2 days later through Amazon prime. I was very excited and quickly became very angry.  Straight out of the box they didn't work properly. The sound cut out with even the slightest bit of stress on the connector. Returned them immediately, went to the local best buy and purchased a replacement.
Just what I needed, to block a bit of the noise around me at work and also demonstrate to those around me that I'm not to be bothered. ;) I didn't want to spend a lot on headphones, but I also have some difficulty with headphones making my ears/head hurt (either by poor design or bad acoustics). I've had no problem with these. They're fully adjustable, lightweight, and well padded around the ears. One note: I have very small ears, and they fit me well. I'd wonder if someone with normal or large ears might have some trouble with the size of the ear pieces.
I received these as a gift and I loved them so much, until I dropped my phone and the headphones went down with it. The sound wouldn't come out after that mishap. I got some earbuds after that, but honestly I hate them more than anything, so I was so happy when I found these on Amazon. I highly recommend these.
I like to hear low soft music while typing on my desk and my office-mate hates it. I got these and I love them supper comfortable, I've been able to wear these for good 6 hours in a row and they don't bother me at all.They are not noise cancelling but this is exactly what I need; I want to hear my music but still be able to listen if somebody says my name or the phone rings.Quality wise they are not Bose quality but definitely better than my laptop's speaker. Still reasonable sound definition for the use that I'm giving to them. I listen many kinds of music (i.e. soft rock, hard rock, new age, tropical music, R&B, hip hop and others and I think that they respond fairly well to each of the genres.
Got this for my daughter for Christmas to listen to shows in the car. She had used them no more than three times.m, and the left side headphone does not produce any sound.I only gave the second star because it was so difficult to find headphones without that useless noise canceling.What a waste. I expected better from Sony.
I love these headphones! I needed to buy a pair that weren't not in the ear style because I have a hearing impairment and I use a hearing aid. I'd rather not take it out to listen to music. I didn't have a ton of money to waste on headphones, so I scoured some reviews and found these in my line of sight. I ordered them after searching 3-4 other pairs. For the price, they are well worth the money. When I am listening to Bon Iver with these I get taken away on a road trip far away. When I am watching a movie, I feel like I am in a movie theater. I seriously can't recommend these Sony headphones enough! My ONLY con with these is they don't noise cancel, so if you're in a loud atmosphere you might get some interference. Otherwise you'll be fine!
Good sound. I bought my son Beats and these, while they don't sound quite as good as those ... for a fraction of the price, they sound pretty good. My daughter is using them with her iPad and is very happy. They've held up well to a 6-year-old using them every day.
I bought this to gently demonstrate to my middle-school-age son how overpriced the $100+ Beats that he scrimped and saved for were. When this pair arrived (promptly) I had him listen to his music on them and then asked him how much he thought they cost. He guessed $60. When I told him what I paid, and what these normally cost on the electronics aisle at Walgreens (maybe $20), he asked for a pair of his own. Sounds like a made up sales pitch, but that's what he said. The price is so good, that I had trouble justifying paying the same amount for a protective case for them, so they won't get banged up in my backpack.
These work very well for every day use.  They are comfortable and have decent sound.  However, after reading the Q&A; section and the other reviews, I thought these would work well for use while mowing the lawn.  They don't.  I can hear somewhat, but would like more volume/noise canceling.  Overall, these are a decent headphone for the price.
This is the third set I've purchased for my daughter who seems to consistently stress the RCA jack enough to break the wires in the connector. Four stars because they are an inexpensive but decent sounding set of headphones if you go through as many as she does. Bought some Sony wireless headphones for Christmas this year.
I like the sound of these and isn't that what we are looking for? I like the high tones as well as the bass and these give you both. If you like a lot of deep bass, these are not for you. I didn't give them 5 stars only for comfort which is not the best. They are more elliptical than round so they stick out on the sides making you look a bit alien-like. On the other hand, they are fine for cold weather as they fit easily over a cap or soft hat.
These are great. Because they're over the ear they do block some sound out without any music on. With music on, you get a great music experience. The cushions are good, but you definitely can't wear these for more than a few hours at a time.I use this for anything from classical to dubstep to punk rock. Sound quality is very good throughout though I have to note that the bass is the most developed of all the sounds.The case is very good--it doesn't get scuffed easily. It also comes with a little clip so if you don't mind clipping it to your bag, you're good to go. I say this because it is impossible to wear these around your neck.
These cans are durable, comfortable, and certainly deliver on volume. On top of that, they look awesome! The only thing keeping me from giving 5 stars is the fact that they are missing some of the highest frequencies, which can make music seem a bit muddy at times. There just isn't any sparkle. But when it comes to having a pair of DJ cans that can take a beating and keep you isolated, these are a very good affordable option.
I bought my pair 5 months ago and no problems so far! Well except one from the beginning which was that it was missing a screw on one of the side of the part that connects the right speaker to the headband. But even from the get-go I knew that wasn't gonna be an issue due to how sturdy it still was. So I didn't even bother returning it.SoundThe sound was amazing for the price. One of the main reason I bought was for the bass and it had lots of it while maintaining clarity. Way much better than overpriced and crap $200 dollar beats it's ridiculous.DurabilityAnother major reason I bought it is for durability. The company claims it's one of the most durable headphones and so far it's living up to the claim. I dropped them accidentally  from like 4.5 ft and it landed on hard floor with no rug or carpet..and nothing happened to it. Not even a Crack or scratch.ComfortabilityIf you fit it over your ears  like it's supposed to then it's one of the most comfortable earphones out there for the price. If you can't fit over your ears then it's probably the opposite lol. My ears are kinda on the big side and I had trouble fitting them in it at first but I got used to it and they fit great now. However it's a bit on the heavy side so u definitely won't be able to pretend that its not on your head cos u'll feel it lol.PackagingCame with a very sturdy and intricate case that included 2 cords with gold plated ends, one with a mic and another without one, a cloth to clean it (I use it for my glasses lol) and a gold plated  piece thingy for studio use.
I listened to everyone and left these headphones on with music running overnight for several nights. The audio quality on these headphones is very good. I'm not an audiophile, and I cannot judge music by the ranges or whatever. I just enjoy music. The headcase is very nice and stylish. The velcro attachments on the inside are not super sticky, and they start falling down after a lot of use. After extended use, the headphones feel like they're squishing my head. I've allowed them to stretch out a little bit by leaving them open over the box it comes in. This helped the squeezing effect a little bit. It still feels very small. I would not recommend this product for people with big heads, as it can get uncomfortable for them .I think these headphones are very aesthetic. I have gotten compliments on them at airports, coffee shops, and libraries. I use these for studying, and they are very good at noise-isolation. I just wanted to buy a pair of nice headphones, and I chose these. I honestly cannot tell you about the quality of the sound. All I can say is that these sound very very good. I can hear the bass really well. I listen to chill EDM music such as Odezsa and Troye Sivan. I do not have to turn up the volume very high at all to enjoy my music. I can hear every sound in the song.The build of these headphones are great! It's very durable. The connections are made of metal and feel very sturdy. The only part I'm worried about is the part that goes over your head. This is because the fabric material seems very fragile.
This is my second set of V-Moda headphones. The first one I bought was the Crossfade M-80. I decided to try out Crossfade LP over ears headset because I was so happy with my M-80 and I wanted the comfort of an over ear headset for long flights without the high price. The Crossfade LP over ears is an incredible headset, a steal for it's price of $99 and does not disappoint. There is plenty of bass for R&B;, Hip Hop and this genre of music. The highs and mids are so crisp that the bass doesn't take over entirely so it's not entirely just bass heavy and muddy like some other headphones. It still needs more burn time in order for me to make a better assessment but so far, it's a fantastic headphone. The pads sit comfortably over my ears and I found I can wear these headsets comfortably for over 4 hours. It's not noise cancellation, just noise isolation so there is a little bit of leakage. It's sturdy and Sexy looking. Not many people in Canada know of this product but I receive plenty of questions about what type of headsets I am sporting. My answer...V-Moda...give it a try, you will not be disappointed and will be happier with this product over Dr Dr Beats. I have the Dr Dre Mxrs and they have been in a drawer in it's case ever since I bought my Crossfade M-80's and now the Crossfade LP over ears which I will be using for long travel flights.
Sound is great for watching shows on your device or any anything of that nature. The sound isolation is a nice feature that helps muffle the outside world, without going to the price point of noise cancelling headphones.My only complaint  is that I wish they were a little bigger around the ears, but work great for my wife.
These are my headphones for mobile DJ work. Fantastic bass, great fidelity of sound without distortion. Solid build for the most part and a kevlar wrapped chord.Pros: I love metal, and even cooler you can replace 2 panels of each earpiece whenever you want. Awesome sound, great noise isolation, and phenomenal bass without it being the only piece of the music like some other companies (beatz). The included cables are kevlar wrapped and the case is a really nice durable one. Not those cheap bags that come with most pro headphones.Cons: Probably because these are studio headphones the earcups don't rotate for easy one ear listening. I had an issue for a while with the earcups shifting at the point where they attach to the headband, kind of annoying for a bit but now that I have them well broken in they seem to be fine and quite comfortable to wear.
before I bought these I had been going through a pair of headphones every 6 months to a year either because they broke, or the sound quality degraded or straight up stopped. (I'm a bit rough on my headphones) it has been four to five years since I bought these and they are still awesome. the sound quality is still top notch and despite the abuse I put them through the only wear and tear is the smooth part of the headband is starting to peel, the cord is barely frayed and the foam padding on the left ear has escaped the black part but stays in place, which is certifiably amazing. They still sound amazing, and for a pair of headphones that can fit my enormous head I am more than happy, and when my pair finally gives up the ghost I plan to get another pair rather than find something else. furthermore the case it comes with is incredibly handy for travel.TL;DR: great quality sound, great construction (will survive apocalypse), can fit large heads. 5/5 would definitely buy again.
just have to hear to believe the quality sound and dynamic range of these... incredible!  They are super-comfortable to have on your ears too.. most earphones that I have used are an annoyance when you put them on.. I have had these for about a month now and they are superb so far!  I used to use a pair of KOSS 4AAA studio phones for reference to you guys.. these are much better.. It is sad that KOSS stopped supporting the 4AAAs...
I don't see why these got good reviews. The sound quality is awful. I have my volume up to max yet these have the same quality as my $20.00 ear buds from RiteAid.I expect good quality sense I paid over 100 bucks!! Rip off!! These are not better than beats.I'm all about sound.V-MODA is too low for me.
Bought these because they were on sale and recommended by my favorite youtuber.  Sound great..... but crazy uncomfortable.  The ears cups are way too small and I have average sized lobes.  After about 15min I start to get a headache from their weight on my ears.  Had to get rid of them
My husband did a lot of research when wanting noise cancelling headphones.  He found these and was happy with the reviews so he thought he'd give them a shot.  He's been very happy with them.  They come with a really nice case that works well when traveling.  The design is nice and the sound quality is great.
I do not normally write reviews, but I would like to share my experience of the Crossfade LP.  The overall sound is great and I have used these extensively for twenty one months, and have been totally happy with them until......they cracked on the left side where the adjustment piece is and the screws mount into plastic part of the headband. I have read  reviews where others were having the same exact problem.  I have not abused this product in any way and am somewhat disappointed that they did not last at least a couple of years. Although these are still usable, the wire leading from the left cup into the headband is now out of the slot provided where the plastic piece cracked and will eventually fail from being pinched.  I know that they are only $100, but I have some less expensive pairs that are 5+ years old and without flaws.  I will admit that I will probably purchase another set because of the sound quality.  Hopefully I will have better luck with the next pair.
I really wanted to love these headphones. They look fantastic (even better in person than the pictures), the build quality is fantastic, the accompanying case and cables are sturdy as hell, and the packaging was great. It's obvious that V-MODA pays a lot of attention to detail and that they care about the product they are putting out there.Unfortunately, despite the above-mentioned positives, I had to return these headphones for one reason: mediocre sound quality. I am no audiophile and simply wanted to get the best sound for about $100. After reading entirely too many reviews, I ordered both the V-MODA Crossfade LP and the Audio-Technica ATH-40X and tested the sound out on my own. The sound quality on the ATH-40X was phenomenal to start with -- clear and vibrant at all ranges (it's worth noting that they are tuned "flat" meaning they are versatile but may lack bass as compared to other headphones). In contrast, the V-MODAS sounded muddled, with the bass overpowering the mids and trebs. I tried a variety of types of music - indie, rock, house, rap, Spanish, etc. In all of these -- even with bass-heavy house and hip hop -- the ATH-40X was a clear winner.I hoped that the fabled "burn-in" time might help out the V-MODAs, but after using them for a while they still sounded no clearer. Every time I put them on I was disappointed. It's really too bad, because in every other aspect the V-MODAS far outpace my clunky, ugly ATH-M40X. But if high quality sound at a reasonable price is what you're after, look beyond these V-MODAS.2-stars for sound quality5-stars for styling, build quality, packaging and support
Ok if I could give it another half of a star, I would but, I cant. I am writing this review with only a couple of days experience so I will check back in time.Pros:-Beefy heavy duty cord and controller which i great because they are usually the first part to go on a set of headphones.-Great sound quality for the price. The base is deep and the music is pretty clear-They get loud, like really loud-Despite not having active noise cancelling, they do a damn good job at drowning out noises around you.Cons:-Once the headphones reach about half volume, they start to become noticeable to those around you (I work in a quiet office). The small slits on the bottom of the metal insert begin to radiate the music. (But keep in mind these are DJ headphones so that may be the reason)-The headband is a little tight, not as tight at SOL over ear headphones but not as light as BOSE so if your listening to music for a long period of time like I do at work, then they might start to give you a headache.Overall, for the price point, I think these are probably some of the better over the ear headphones you can get. I just hope they can stand the test of time because, like I said earlier I listen to them at work so they get at least 40 hours of use a week.
I can honestly say these are by far the best headphones hands down for the price you pay compared to the other mainstream brands such as BEATS or Bose. I started by examining the outside package which already beats the packaged of the 2 mentioned brands by far the packaging is by far superior, but you can't judge a book by it's cover though. I went and broke the seal of the box and again I was amazed on how the packaged the inside of the carton, V-MODA took great care and detail to make sure that everything is very neat. The outer shell casing is an excellent design and is pretty hard and will withstand drops and maybe 10lbs or so of pressure wouldn't want to smash or step on the case with the headphones it but would do great just thrown in a bag on the go, however there is a carabiner clip that comes with this to attach to the outside of your bag for easy carrying and fast loading when you are done with them.When wearing these you will know you are wearing headphones and not like the others that are made with mostly plastic and are really light. These headphones have a little heft to them, but when you put them on your ears they are the most comfortable headphones around. The ear cushions are very soft and can be worn for long periods of time. There is barely any sound that leaks from these headphones when the volume is all the way up. There is no distortion in the sound and everything sounds so crisp including the bass which you can feel around your ears. These are not your noise cancellation but noise isolation which prevents sound leakage and also cuts back on some of the outside noise that you get when you wear a lot of the on the ear headphones which is great because more of the sound stays in your ears and not out.I have given this a try by playing many different types of music and by far this can handle anything you throw at it. These aren't your $250 + headphones but what you get is a great headphone set at a great price that I honestly believe sounds much better than the Beats Studio or the latest Bose headphones minus the Quiet Comforts which are actually noise cancelling and are pretty good but that is if you want to fork over 3 large bills which I did when I bought the QC 3's back in 2007. I wanted something that was more affordable and yet sound quality along with build quality is there, something that is much durable than a lightweight piece of plastic. I wouldn't waste much time looking at other headphones. Just look at the total number of reviews and star ratings for the V-MODA Crossfade LP's and see for yourself that this is a trusted brand  Like the packaging says INSPIRED in ITALY and STYLED in HOLLYWOOD you can't go wrong.
I have used these headphones almost on a daily basis for the past 2 years and they still work great. The ear pads are just now starting to wear down, and that's after very rigorous use. I would recommend these to anyone. I use them for listening to music or tv shows on my laptop, talking on the phone, listening to audiobooks, and playing videogames with friends. I can hear a lot more detail in games when I have these headphones on than through tv speakers. Also the included microphone cable works on a ps4 controller for party chats and in game chat. The buttons don't do anything on the ps4 but the mic works. The volume buttons don't work on my Samsung Galaxy S5, but the middle button works to play/pause music and audiobooks, and answer/end calls. There is a switch on the end of the cable that plugs into the headphones to make the input loud or quieter, which is great when plugging into something that won't turn down low enough to not still be extremely loud (like my old cd player)
Why did I pay a first world price for Third world quality.  These are a joke.  First I had to replace the cable that goes from the headphones to the computer or smart phone twice.  Then the material on the headband started peeling off.  Now the material the enclosed the ear cups is splitting.  I have owned 3 sets of Bose QC headphones.  One would think the quality would improve as they roll out newer models but that is not the case.  In addition to the headphones falling apart the case that comes with them is flimsy and poorly designed  Fortunately I kept the original case which had pockets for batteries and is well made.Reading other reviews people explain how to order new ear cups to replace cups that are disintegrating.  Why should  I pay $35 for something when the original product was so poorly made.  I think Bose should replace these. IIn any case if they do not get on top of their quality issues they will no longer have the reputation for good products they have enjoyed in the past.
I have had a pair of the Bose QuietComfort 15 Acoustic Noise Cancelling headphones for over 2 years now and they are still going strong.POSITIVES* Effective noise cancelling feature(I always take my pair on road trips and airplanes, plus sometimes I've fallen asleep due to the quietness given)* Extremely comfortable(I could go hours wearing these and never feel claustrophobic at all, having large ears comfort is sometimes at stake but these fit very nicely)*Durable(I have gone through a lot with these headphones and they haven't really shown any damage)NEGATIVES*Music is limited to battery life(These headphones require the battery to be on in order to play any sound)*When power gets low the headphones make a popping noise that temporarily disrupts the audio(Worsens as battery life fades)*You sacrifice some music quality for comfort*If the cord gets loose certain ranges of frequencies are slurred(At least from what I've noticed)
I am not a music lover or a passion for fine quality Audio. Just wanted a noise cancelling audio that is good. First I had got aBeats Executive Over-Ear Noise Cancelling Headphones (Black). That one was also good but subsequently broke it. At the time, This product was sold in Costco and so got it.I Kind of liked it better than Beats. For one, it is lighter than the Beats, The battery is lasting way longer . Since it is lightweight, able to wear longer than the other one. As for as Noise Cancelling and sound clarity , both were good.
Wow... this technology is clearly remarkable. Yeah, they are expensive, but if you got the money, they are worth it. It's amazing how it cuts out nearly all repetitive background noise. They are perfect on a plane. You can actually hear your music/movie without turning it up so loud it blows your eardrums out. You'd be surprised how useful they are in the house even. There is a lot of background noise in my house that I was not even really aware of until I put these on. Air vents, fans, wind outside, running water, computer running, and so forth. It's all nearly silenced by these. It's even more interesting that on a plane, it cuts out so much of the background white noise that you can actually hear people talking to you better than before! I always figured it would cut out ALL noise so you couldn't hear anything outside of the earphones, but that's not true. It doesn't totally cut out voices. I'm not sure if that's a pro or a con. If you have an annoying gf/bf that won't leave you alone while you're trying to watch a movie, it might be a con.They are comfortable. I was able to wear them for 2 or 3 hours with very little discomfort. I saw one complaint about the durability of the headphones. I admit, they aren't built like a tank, but they seem durable enough. I'm guessing some loss of durability was needed to keep them lightweight and comfortable.They only work if you have a working AAA battery in it. But the battery lasts a very long time. I think I have run it 15+ hours and the battery still didn't die.So... if you fly a lot, get these. If your house is noisy, get these. If your significant other won't stop talking... well, you might want to go with something else.
One of my better investments. I bought them for use when flying but I found they were awesome for noise cancelling on the 4th of July. Turned on some music on one kindle, read a book on another kindle, put the headphones on and totally forgot the noise outside. Too bad headphones couldn't be made for animals.
I read so many glowing reviews. I was expecting fantastic noise cancelling. I am not impressed.The noise cancelling is not that much better than my $70 Audio Technica earbuds. The construction of the earpiece mounts looks weak. The battery compartment seems flimsy. For as much as these cost, they should be better. I returned them for a refund.
My husband asked for a set of these and I was pretty shocked by the cost when I went to order them.  He travels a lot, though, so he insisted that he would get a lot of use out of them.  He absolutely loves them for travelling because they are comfortable and really do cancel the noise in planes.  When we recently flew to Spain he suggested that I use his noise cancelling headphones during the flight and, although I'm not a fan of bulky headphones, I thought they were worth a try.  I can't believe the difference.  I'm scared of flying and these are great becaause they really do make you feel like you are in the comfort of your home listening to a movie or music.  You can't hear any of the airplane noises or anyone speaking to you.  Incredibly, they also barely feel like they are there becaause they are so comfortable.There is a reason that American Airlines hands these out to Business Class passengers - they are incredible.  I would love to buy a set for myself too but I don't travel that often so instead my husband has suggested that I buy him the new generation of these headphones so that he can give me his.  Of course, I'll be trading with him on every flight but at least then we'll feel like it was money well spent, which these definitely are for anyone who travels often.
These have worked great on my plane flights, and the batteries last about 15x as long as in my old Beats.  This order comes with a case, so you don't have to buy it separately.  They are fairly lightweight, and they don't leave your ears sweaty...it's just hard to sleep against the wall of the plane with them on because they are too bulky for that...and I can't sleep on my back.
A gift for my hubby. He loves these. We've had the first two models. This one takes regular batteries - yeah! Nothing like getting on the plane to find out you forgot to charge the headphone. Oh wait, you don't have to bc it takes regular batteries!  Best noise canceling yet!
After using an old pair that a friend had laying around for a few weeks, I finally gave in and invested in a pair of these myself. Full disclosure: I have not tried any other noise-cancelling headphones, so this review is not a comparative analysis but more a straightforward assessment of this product alone.Sound Quality: 5/5These really have ruined all other headphones for me. The sound quality is great -- I listen to a pretty vast array of music and have always been pleased with their performance. Again, I don't have any other products of similar quality to compare them to, but coming from the traditional iphone earbuds, these are an exponential improvement.Noise Canceling: 4.5/5I am currently in grad school and stuffed into an office with five other (uncharacteristically personable and chatty) scientists. Generally, if I just want to sort of dim out the noise, I find the noise cancelling itself to be pretty sufficient. You can still here aimless chatter or keyboard strokes in the background, but it's so much easier to tune out. If, however, you play music (even softly), the noise cancelling drastically improves. I find that I can work away in my own little world for a few hours with much less distraction when I am wearing these. I have also worn these a few times on airplanes -- they do a great job of cancelling out the roaring of engines and whatever else makes airplanes unbearably loud.Comfort: 4.7/5That brings me to my next topic...I generally wear these for hours at a time and have not had any problems with discomfort. My only annoyance is that they kind of squeeze my glasses against the sides of my head, so I usually end up taking the glasses off after a bit. This might be something that is pretty typical of any headphone, though. I have a reasonably-sized head, and don't find them to be too tight or anything like that, and I have never experienced headaches or pain from these. In a typical day I will wear them anywhere from an hour to maybe four to five hours, and mostly just forget I have them on after a while. Additionally, after six months of nearly daily wear, they have not lost any of their "springy-ness" and still fit to my head just fine.Battery life: 4.5/5I use these a lot (almost daily) and change the battery every few weeks or so. Batteries are expensive and annoying BUT my personal feelings about them aside, I think these headphones have a pretty good power lifetime.Carrying case: 5/5Not sure how important this really is, but the case is small but with a surprising amount of space for other things. I usually throw a few extra batteries in the little zipper pocket, and sometimes even cram my phone into the case without any issue.In general, I use these as my go-to office or home headphones. As a daily-use product, I find these to be excellent.
Pros:excellent battery lifecomfortable fitgood noise cancellationgood quality soundgreat travel caseCons:Not wireless (wish I could find a Bluetooth edition.)Unable to use the headphones without noise cancellation (sometimes I need to be interrupted)I haven't yet found a great pair of wireless noise cancellation headphones but for wired headphones, these are really enjoyable. If I could still use them and be able to turn off noise cancellation, I'd easily give this a fifth star. Not disappointed at all in the purchase though!
Quality headphone and speaker brands that come to mind will often have Bose near the top of that list. The Bose QuietComfort 15 headphones definitely fall under the quality. The headphones definitely live up to their name in the quiet and comfort categories. You will hear mids and highs in songs that will redefine the word clear. Even the bass in these headphones is impressively done. It is not to the level of the competitor Beats by Dre, but it is also not so dull that it can hardly be noticed. A feature users will find impressive is the battery life. I have owned a pair of these headphones for a year and a half and have never had to replace the single, triple a battery more than once per month. The user has the luxury of being able to forget to turn off the headphones and then come back to them later without the battery having run completely out.Users will find this pair of headphones rather comfortable. They are light and fit nicely on the ears and head. The headphones are noise cancelling when music is being played at a comfortable level to the user; with this being said, sound does not leak so much as the competing Beats headphones do.The one negative a user may find is that the headphones are not completely noise cancelling unless music is playing at a decent level. What is nice though is that when wearing the headphones without music playing, sound is significantly dampened. It becomes quiet enough to where one could fall asleep.
Deadens noise from external sources. I can detach my cord when only using them for limiting outside noise. That takes care of noise cancelling, almost. One additional item - you have to get accustomed to the active noise/sound being created that is exactly opposing the sound from outside the headphones. That cancelling sound creates a bit of pressure on the ears that was uncomfortable until I got used to it. I did get accustomed to it though. Sound quality is superior and I hear bits of sound in music and movies I didn't realize were there before. My impression is that I'm in the room where the music is playing. I like that. They are a bit pricey and you don't need noise cancellation but when I got used to it I have to say I stopped using my other pricey non-noise cancelling headphones. I recommend them.
I received these as a Christmas gift and they are terrific.  Wonderful fidelity, and great noise cancelling.  My wife has had a set for several years and they have held up well.  I guess she got tired of my using hers.  Will really be appreciated on plane trips.  By the way, it does come with a case, which my wife didn't realize that and ordered a separate case.  The return (reviewed separately) on the case was not pleasant; they wanted me to mail it to China!But don't let that dissuade you from purchasing these headphones; they're great.
