Great sound and can't hear anyone talking to you with them on. I will say I did replace the padding about 1 week later cause it wasn't cushioned anymore. ( I got memory foam ones)  I have 3-4 (can't remember different cord lengths which is great. I would recommend these to others
If you were to make a list of truly good headphones... scratch off the over-hyped fashion statement schock and high priced toys designed to make portable music players "sound good" - you will end up with a small list of truly good headphones sold at fair prices. These headphones WILL be on that short list, and will be around when the over-hyped "star studded" brands are in the landfill.Just remember that "garbage in / garbage out". Don't expect these quality headphones to make your smartphone and MP3 files sound like audio nirvana. With the mild exception of a slight "v" shape pleasing tonal balance - these are accurate and true to the master recording if you feed them a good signal.
Best Headphones for the price i believe! using them as i am writing this review lol good flat all around sound and doesnt distort...just work the speakers in and break them in and they should last...i love the full sound they give...you cant really apply too much of your own curve to them but they are perfect without making your own curve. almost sound canceling lol i cant hear anyone while wearing them. over all perfect build quality... love them!
I love these headphones. They are perfect for me.  Well-built and I like that they include different cords.  Sound quality is very nice.  I'm no audiophile but the music sounds rich and not over processed.  The cans are relatively light and do end up hurting the tops of my ears after a couple of house (mainly due to wearing the with glasses).  They are becoming more comfortable over time, so maybe that won't be an issue after a while.
this is a very good purchase for people who want a nice over the ear head phones. I really like the look and how it feels. Definitely worth the price. I was a little upset that, it wasn't as loud as i thought it was. When I ride it in the subway it sounds decent at max volume. Only at quite serene places will you be able to use it at a full extant. using it on a plane was perfect.
When I decided I wanted to nice headphones, I discussed it with a friend who knew a lot about this topic. After I told him I wanted Sennheisers, he let me listen to everything he had, and I eventually decided on the Grado sr80. When I went to Crutchfield, Jon was very helpful and knowledgeable when figuring out what I needed. Since I was using these in an office setting, we decided the Grados were not the way to go since they are open backed. I didn't want to spend much, so it was between the Sennheiser 280 and the Audio Technicas. After listening to them, there was no way I could go with the Sennheisers. The sound was just very lacking, but that seems to simply be the Sennheiser style, which may work for certain settings and music. The M50x cancels out sound pretty well, doesn't leak much, and has great sound quality. They're comfortable, and it's nice they come with 3 different cords (short, long, and curly ones). I'm really satisfied with them, and I'm really happy I spent the money on them.In the future, I will absolutely buy the Grado sr80 for quieter listening and whatnot. The sound quality is just incredible. But when in need of some closed back cans, the Audio Technica M50x is the way to go.Pros: Sound quality Comfortable Blocks out sound well
I'm no audiophile or musician or sound engineer I just go by what appeals to me, and for all the hype these received I was disappointed. The bass offensively exaggerate, neat for the 20 minutes I could bare to actually wear the damn things. The padding on top is not nearly enough.  The cable locking mechanism appearwound up being a bugbear because I couldn't attach the vmoda boom mic.
Great pair of studio monitors. If your just looking for an overwhelming amount of bass, don't get these. Sounds are incredibly crisp and noise cancelling is good but not so much that others can't get your attention if they need to. At the discounted price they are an excellent buy, but if you can wait there are sales periodically. I bought my pair for $119 and a $25 amazon gift card.
I love these headphones! I love the softness of the ear cups (long time wearing them and you'll appreciate softness) but oh..my...G_d, the sound.I have used a number of phones (buckets) that wear well, but lack the dynamic punch and audio quality for listening to digital and analog recordings.Take a test drive with the Audio-Technica M50 headphones and you might not need those costing $200 or more for the same performance.
I've listened to my friend's old M50 and they sound astounding.But I wanted to quickly wrote this review to warn people that fake M50x's are on the market and being sold by Amazon stores. Be sure to check Audio-Technica's website to see if you're buying them from an authorized dealer.http://www.audio-technica.com/cms/site/1e22eec97c088a8b/http://www.audio-technica.com/cms/features/49ef9d703e98ba93/I know because I bought mine here and had to send it back because the sound quality wasn't as great as I was expecting.It's very difficult to tell the difference between a fake and an authentic one. I could only tell because I have well trained ears from mixing music. But most might not even be able to tell a difference... Or even care. But if you're spending $150 on headphones I would think you would want to get your money's worth.
Hoo boy. When I got my first pair of M50s back in 2011, that was a whirlwind of good sound. A few years later, when I had sold them to a friend, I decided to grab a pair of M50x's.I am SO glad I did! The sound is as good as ever, and a removable cable inspired me to make some modifications. I added on velour earpads, a braided cable, a microphone, and a wool headband.Get the M50x's if you want fantastic headphone sound at an affordable price that you can easily add on to!
This headphone set offers great sound. It is very versatile with reproduction from classical to pop/hip-hop. The swivel on each ear can be a pain at times. I wish there was a lock to fix it when the swivel option is not wanted. I also wish the cable wasn't so proprietary with the cable locking component. I have yet to find a small enough jack to fit in it that is not made by AT (or they make a cable that has a mic and offers android/iphone controls).
These headphones are ok, but I don't understand some of the raving qualities folks have about them.The build quality on these is solid, the padding feels great. I loved how you could get these to fold up into a small space usage piece.These are not very neutral (emphasis on treble in the mids) and they're a bit forward, bad recordings really are hurt by this. The lows are almost non-existent. I don't need Beats (nor does anyone) but I do want to hear more than a basic thump. The soundstage is non-existent and the music feels very limited.I would actually say, TV shows/movies are what sound great with these headphones. Watching a drama the vocals come through great, in watching Selma, the intonation of the actors really was great. But these are headphones that I would largely use for music. Not a fan.
These headphones are absolutely awesome. I never realized what a great set sounded like, and I'm half-deaf in my left ear. They are crisp and clear, and they have a nice deep bass. I used to listen to a sound bar and thought it sounded excellent. But now that I have these, whenever I switch to the sound bar it sounds tinny and lacks depth. 10 stars if I could, I will never purchase a sub-par pair of headphones again.
Here's my review after one year of using them. These headphones are the best headphones I have ever used. I don't use them for a professional duty but rather just for an everyday listening experience. For teenagers, the go to headphones are the Beats which empasize bass and nothing else. Which is great. If you listen to R&B; and rap and nothing else. However, go out of that and suddenly Fleetwood Mac doesn't sound as it should. For people in my age range (teens), for the same price as Beats, I highly advise getting these headphones.The sound quality as said before is absolutely pristine, and will simply blow anyone away in this price range. Also, the build quality is very good with metals and durable plastics and cushy leather. I can wear these for hours upon hours at a time and they are still comfortable. When one slips these on, they will know they are putting on serious equipment. They also fold up quite nicely as well. On the downside, my heavy usage has made the earcups wear down after a year with the leather cracking. However, replacing the earcups is simple and costs just $20.So, for $180 or so I wouldn't hesitate to purchase these headphones - they might have been the best $200 I've ever spent.
I'm a big fan of listening to music.  Up until this purchase I had only listened to songs on the generic apple earphones that came with ipods and iphones. Compared to that, listening to music on these headphones is like night and day and I can't recommend it more.  If you're on the fence please take my word and go for the purchase.  This has been the best buy I've made in recent years.
I am really enjoying these.  They are the perfect compromise between quality and affordability.  So, are these every bit as good as a $1,500 pair of Shure headphones?  Nope.  Are they as cheap as a $9.99 set of [insert brand you've never heard of here]?  Nope.  But they sound a heck of a lot better than a pair of $50 - $60 cans, AND you don't need to beat yourself up if you accidentally leave them somewhere.Bottom Line:  If you want a pair to pair great sound and reasonable price (see how I did that?) these should make the short list.
After reading and seeing such great reviews on these headphones, I must say, ehh..Honestly thought I was in for a mind blowing experience with these, but definitely cannot say that these sound better then Beats solo 2. But they are my go to headphones because i hate having to charge my Beats. The ATH-M50x is a very solid build quality though!
Great headphones, build quality is excellent. A lot of headphones in this style from other companies come with flimsy cords and connectors. This comes with three very durable cords of different lengths. The method for connecting the cord to the headphones is very strong and durable. The sound quality is fantastic for the price, would definitely recommended over Bose or Beats headphones.
Second set of cans purchased from Audio-Technica. Not too excited about the carrying pouch or extra cords, but they're a nice touch. With the sturdy frame this item offers, I know I'll be using these for years to come, as replacement earpads can be easily acquired through the manufacturers themselves (which I did for the AD700, making it look good as new). Was definitely a steal at $119.99.
In. Sane. Insane. These headphones are insane. I listen to a wide variety of music, from vocal, to classical, to acoustic, to classic rock, to alternative, to heavy metal, to hip hop, to trap, to dubstep. These headphones excel in absolutely everything.First off, they're loud. They can get about as loud as any ear buds on max volume, which is impressive for on-ear headphones.Next, they are comfortable. Personally for me, three clicks on both sides fits like it was tailored to me. The top head band has a soft leathery feel and it's usually not noticeable. The ear cups have a soft plush feel too and they seal sound well.Lastly, and most noticeably, the quality.. THE QUALITY. Best quality I've ever heard. The tone is extremely accurate. Because of this, super bass heavy music may underwhelming you, because it's not going to be boosted. However, music with huge dynamic range like trap or metal sounds amazing. All music has exceptional clarity, which is noticed with vocal music and acoustic music.Overall,perfect headphones. Honestly couldn't ask for r more.
I'm comparing these to my Sennheiser 200 earbuds. The M50's heat up my ears so I have to let my ears breath from time to time. The M50's sound better than the ear buds but the M50's don't block noise as well as the 200's. They are decent for $120. But there are Sony's that are the benchmark I wish I would have checked out first. I've listened to both .flac and mp3's with mostly jazz and classical equalizer settings. I should have paid more and bought something from Bose.
Lovely my old M50 (the older version) I tended to step on my headphones a lot cuz I'm not tidy at all and the connection to the head caps from the arch broke and it was not a big deal because the sound was still good and i just had to tape it up (not an attractive-walk-on-a-street-with-this-chuky-headphones anyways) But the jack though it looked pretty strong metal piece, it wasn't a malleable  material at all so it broke off after nearly a year of use. I'm glad in the new one, the jack is replaceable (i mean if you break if just get an aux cable right? ha) which is a lovely dash to these lovely headphones, sound is slightly better I believe but I actually think they basically have the same spec. The old ones were really big it didn't fit perfectly on my head which made the choice of extending the arch pointless for me,but the new ones seem to fit perfectly. and now I can use expandable arch for when I wear hats and etc. As always I love this product, lovely cost efficiency, and long lasting, really sturdy (I mean my old one broke but it is totally fixed in this one with the two way aux cord) I am in love it them. Totally recommend this product.
Happy with my choice! I did a huge research on what to get for my husband for a home use iphone/laptop listening...he likes the buss a lot, and looks like the ATH-M50X has a great sound for that, even though it was hard to find an info about the bass sound in this model ...I gotAudio-Technica ATH-M50x. We both love the comfortable fit and the sound is beyond the expectation!  Great and the best!
So many great reviews all over the internet, it just did not live up to the hype for me, sound quality wise, unless you are using these headphones for your youtube tech video reviews these are not for you. Product quality design and comfort is very good. Ended up returning them.
These headphones are the perfect size for my head didn't have to readjust anything. They fit comfortable over my glasses which isn't common for me. I can wear these for hours without discomfort I'd say about 3 to 4 with glassesI mainly listen to EDM and Dubstep and some rap I think these sound great especially for someone coming from some Beats Solo HD which were uncomfortable didn't sound as great and cost more than these.I think these are a great pair of high quality and good priced headphones I got mine for just over $150 and I have seen them as low as $120.
Got these for Christmas and they lived up to the hype. I've been looking to try these for a min now and after using them for a few days they really sound legit. I'm not a crazy audiophile but I listen to alot of rock, hip hop, and streaming stuff i.e. netflix, youtube etc.. So far it all sounds great. This coloway looks beautiful imo and the build quality seems great as well. Overall, I'd have no problem recommending these to anyone I know.
Really wanted to like these.  I have been searching, and thought I had found what I wanted from all the glowing reviews.  Really?  Are people hearing what I'm hearing?  These sounded dull, and well.... lifeless..  I ran them thru the paces with many SACD, bluray, and HDDVD audio tracks thru my Onkyo receiver,  and while not bad by any means...I found them lacking across all musical genres.  And you had to listen to them at a fairly loud setting to really get anything worthwhile from these cans.  I don't understand all the glowing reviews....Ive had some nice cans in my time with clear, level, crisp sound...and these are NOT it.My search continues for a great set without breaking the bank.....
The sound of this headphones is great and the battery consumption is acceptable, however the quality of the materials and finishing is just terrible. After just about a year of normal use, which is about 1 hour every other day (or about 4 to 6 hours a week) the coating in the headband pad and ear pads started to peel off. This is just a cheap leather imitation with very poor durability. I am attaching two pictures as proof.Something similar with the cables, the plastic coating is ridiculously thin, which means poor durability in normal conditions of use. The cable with the remote control for IOS devices broke near the remote after just 5 months of normal use. Never was this cable pulled hard or anything like that.In comparison I own a pair of senheisser's HD 555 that I bought in 2005!!! and the earpads as well as the headband pad are in very good condition considering they have been under heavy use for the past 16 years!!!  They are a bit worn off but by no means peeled like the Bose QC15 and those are the ones that I use heavily for watching movies and TV series when my son and wife are asleep late at night. The cable of the HD 555 is thick and design for heavy use and to last.I wouldn't recommend the QC15, like I said sound is great but they quality is terribly poor. Off course Bose would blame the peeling of the headband pad and ear pad coating on use, but this is no excuse. For headphones this price I would expect them to last, like my beloved HD555.Finally I would like to mention that the Bose do look quite fragile at first sight, and that is why I always kept them in the carrying case that was included in the box. However this did not prevent the coating in the headband pad and ear pads from peeling off. On the other hand the HD555 didn't come with a carrying case and I always carried them in my laptop case in lots of traveling while working as onsite engineer and like I said they are still in much better condition than the QC15.I definitely wouldn't buy Bose anymore. Quality is too poor and the hype about their products is most likely due the excellent public relations department and billions spent in advertisement.
I've had these headphones for about 5-years now.  In that time I've had to replace the ear pads once (a simple and affordable chore with aftermarket parts) and I would like to replace the padding on the top of the headphones but I don't think that's possible.  The top of the headphones has been worn away so much that when I take off the headphones there are little black flecks of material left on my head.  It's more of an ascetic irritation and does not impact how well they work or how comfortable they are to wear.  I do love these things.  They are light as air, deliver great sound, and do what they are supposed to do which is cancel out annoying environmental sounds.  I originally purchased the Q15's so I could survive the terrible sounds of my neighbor running his gang of 4-wheel ATV's 24/7 (we did not know it would be like that when we bought our little piece of heaven out in the country).  After we moved (in an effort to regain a less stressful life) I began using the headphones daily to drown out city sounds while I wrote.  I love them for that as they work perfectly...almost too perfectly because there are times when my wife will be talking to me and I won't even know she's in the room because of the wonderful quiet offered by the headphones.  I highly recommend these with my only reservation being the cost.  I wish they would go on sale because I would get another pair as in case of zombie apocalypse!
The headphones are great. The sound quality is not audiophile quality but it is good. The noise cancelling however, is fantastic. These work great with just the single AAA battery. Just don't forget to turn them off after using. (I forget every now and then.) If you're planing on using these occasionally or for a flight for vacation then you will love the noise cancelling. However, if you use these every day like I do, then a word of warning. I've already had to replace the ear pads early this year, and now once again have to replace them. Not a big deal, right. Well, not so much. The original replacement ear pads from Bose will cost you $35 plus tax and shipping (if charged). Having to replace them twice a year is spending over $70 after you originally spent $300 on for the headphones themselves. The pads are also ridiculously difficult to replace. Not sure why the clip system isn't simpler. Anyway, depending on how you use these, they may be the best choice or a good choice.
My friends always talk about the poor construction quality of these and how they have to by extended warranties to deal with it, so I've never thought much about them.  But I do have the 20i in-ear version, and I'm very happy with them, so when Costco started selling the 15, I decided to give it a shot.  If it breaks in 6 months, Costco will stand by it even if Bose doesn't.  Looks like I won't be waiting 6 months to return them, because the sound is garbage.  I've tried a variety of audio sources, and I never get anything resembling bass.It's so bad that I cannot believe my headphones are anything but defective, so I've been trying for a week to contact Bose customer support to see if I've missed a "Suck/Don't Suck" toggle somewhere.  Good luck with that.  It's normal business hours, but there's never anyone in the phone support center, and chat is perpetually disabled.  Now when I call I get a message that the entire company is closed for "departmental meetings".  It suggests to call back "later".  What is "later"?  5 minutes?  5 months?  What is up with this company?  And if it's so closed to its customers, who's out there taking pictures of Darelle Revis and Russell Wilson?  Maybe they could use some of that money they pay celebrities to pretend to use their products and pay someone to answer the phone or login to chat.When you buy this product, you accept that it will likely break the day after your warranty runs out.  Bose products often work well for a while but have such shoddy materials and construction that you can expect failure.  You know this going in and you takes your chances.  What I didn't expect was that the product would be such garbage right out of the box.
Quick shipping, excellent service, and exactly what I wanted. In my opinion this model looks better than the QC25. But it is only my opinion. I have a set of old QC2's and although I rarely use them, mainly for travel. They still work great, still sound good (I don't listen to music on headphones at home very often, and I'm no Audiophile) but when it counts, music/movies while traveling. You can't beat them. I haven't tried any other Noise canceling headphones. But have read many a review before I got these for my wife. (And she like beats! Has a regular Pink set) the noise canceling on the Bose is just amazing, takes you away from droning, the humming, and let's me feel relaxed while their on.
Product was "5-stars" for about a year, but then the stitching on the leather covering the foam on the part that touches the outside of your ears started to come apart.  I looked to see if this was covered by the warranty, and based off the length of time that I've had them, it is not.
Generally, I was very excited to get these headphones.  They did a fine job of noise cancelling. I bought them mainly for road trips with the family where I needed to take phone calls for work.  They worked well for this purpose!  They really quieted out the road noise and minimal chatter in the car.However, as I've read several of the reviews, apparently some "sensitive" people can get headaches, nausea, or vertigo.  Though I would have never considered myself "sensitive" (I don't get carsick, seasick or any sort of vertigo), I did find that I quickly get a sort of tension headache.  Oddly, I imagine more people probably experience this than they realize. The sensation is the type you get while flying sometimes if your ears won't pop. As many people use these for flying, they may just think the discomfort is from the flight.That said, I would say that you CAN discover this in the store if you use them for 10 minutes. It really doesn't take long to start to feel the discomfort.  Apparently, many folks aren't susceptible to this, and for those folks, I'm sure this is a fine headset.  I had a Sony NC set years ago, that had its own set of issues, but I don't recall ever experiencing this sensation, so it may be limited to this product line or Bose in general.  My wife felt the same way with this headset so unfortunately I'll be looking for a new set.My strongest advice is to try them in the store for about 10 minutes.  If you don't experience any discomfort, you'll likely love these!
Bose makes great speakers, but something has to change with the wiring. I was super unfortunate due to the fact that I had two Quiet Comfort 15 headphones which had the defect where the left ear speaker kept cutting out. I hope the new version fixes this issue because I really do love Boses speaker and noise canceling technology.
Everyday use. Extreme everyday use. I do online IT work and they've been amazing. One year to date with nothing but great results. Noise canceling is a must as I can get distracted easily -- but this particular set stands alone in terms of noise cancelation. You flick the switch and can hear the noise mute. It's amazing. Music sound is good. Not great. Bass is s little crinkly at times but that's only a concern with hip-hop from my experience. It is labeled as "acoustic" for crying out loud. Couldn't be more pleased. Comfortable, durable, and sounds great.
I had these headphones for just over two years and used primarily for travel. Unfortunately the left side stopped working and customer service does not have a repair option for them. They offered to replace with an upgraded pair for about the same cost as these were new. I expected better from Bose brand.
One of the best purchases I've ever made.  I do not fly often, but when I do, they're very nice to have, as has been well-documented by others.  For me, though, these headphones are invaluable for work or studying.  If you're like me and easily distracted when working, these will help you immensely.  I put on some light breeze/relaxation music, and lose myself in work or studies.Furthermore, the sound quality is pretty great.  I use the Bose In-Ears as well, and both have their strengths.  The in-ears, to me, have a better bass response and perhaps an overall better sound, especially for pop, rock, hip-hop, etc.  These over-ears are perfect for jazz, and your favorite well-recorded albums.  You can pick out the individual instruments and identify them across the stereo field pretty well.  Getting these headphones made me go back and re-listen to several of my favorite albums and it's like hearing them for the first time because you hear new things you never noticed before.
These are great headphones. I will note one thing: The noise canceling by itself does not cancel out talking. But you know what? That's not what the technology was designed for! The noise canceling technology was designed for canceling out continuous noise, such as the noise that construction workers experience during their work. It cancels out background noise phenomenally. If you turn on a little bit of brown noise or music in the background, though, it does drown out talking pretty well, though. So don't discount the noise canceling. These work very well. In fact, when they're turned off completely the design of the headphones themselves still muffle sound really well. I bought these because they have the best noise canceling on the market, but they also have very nice sound for music. I consider that a nice perk since I did not buy them to listen to music.Just a recommendation, but if you use these very often like I do, keep spare batteries in the small pocket inside the case. You'll know the battery is dying when it starts turning on and off continuously. (No, it's not broken!) I just wind up the cord in a coil and stick in the case instead of putting it in that pocket so I can use it for that purpose. See the photo for what I mean.Enjoy the headphones! You'll love them.
A little weird at first.  When I first tried these on and turned on the noise canceling feature I felt like I was deaf so it through my center of balance off.  (you should be sitting when you first try these out) But after that initial shock, the head phones are great.  I used these on the airplane all the time.  It really kills the sound of the airplane engine noise.  It was the first time I got off an airplane and actually felt relaxed and no headache.  The sound is awesome, I find myself having to turn down the volume most of the time because the sounds are very clear and do not need to be raised to hear clearly.  The base and treble are extremely clear and very enjoyable to listen to.  These are worth the money, even if you go on a plane once a year.
These are spectacular. I sat through a 2 hour flight with a screaming baby behind me, an overly PDA couple beside me, and a loud snoring guy in front of me, but couldn't hear a thing with these on and music playing. I've had them for a year and the durability is still superb. I use them in Starbucks while studying, and they block out about 85% of the sound. I listen to everything from dubstep, country, pop, rock, rap, house, trap, Norwegian death metal, country, to classical music and these headphones produce great sound for them all.
Arrived well packed and in good shape. Used these for a trip to Peru from the U.S. Midwest. They worked very well in my opinion. Sound mitigation was great. Sound quality was very good.  Were comfortable even while they were on my head during a nap. Will use them for all of my long distance flights.
I bought a new unit about a year ago and after a few hours of usage it started failing occasionally. Now it's completely dead. As I live abroad the only Bose authorised company is located at another state, too far from me. They instructed me on how to send the unit to them but it's an excessively bureaucratic process, and expensive too. And I can't send it to Bose in the US either because they won't send it back to me in my country - should it be repaired under warranty, for example. And now I'm stuck with an extremely expensive paper weight. Next time I have an opportunity I shaw get a Beats instead.
I bought these for their noise canceling function and they are superb.  One flick of the switch and it's total bliss.  You will be surprised how much noise you have in your surroundings.  I've had noise canceling headphones by other manufacturers but they aren't as quiet and comfortable as these.  Some people have complained that they feel cheap because they are so light, but they make them light on purpose so they will be comfortable to wear for long periods.  The audio when listening to music is surprisingly good as well.  Not as good as my high end Sennheisers to be sure, but still above average.  I also really appreciate that I can take the cord off completely when I use them for noise canceling.  The only negative is that you have to have the phones turned on to listen to music, which wears down the battery faster.  Since I bought them for their noise cancelation I am not deducting a rating star for that.
These headphones don't drown out people's loud conversations, but they do provide blessed relief from the grotesque sounds coming from my horrible mouth-breathing co-workers cubicle when he slurps, smacks, crunches and chomps down on his at-desk lunches.Also, I have trouble getting the headphones to work properly while using an extension cable, but plugged directly into my computer tower, they work like a dream.
Finally had the chance to use these on a recent trip.When seeing other people wearing these, or the hype in the Bose commercials, I was way, way skeptical.  But MY GOD!This was a plane from frigid Buffalo to Florida ---> meaning, a plane full of kids headed to Disneyworld.  I could have been in a library for all I knew!  Absolutely superb.  Design is flawless and genius.
Hard to find a better pair of headphones to block out traveling noise, especially on an airplane, although I know two people who wear theirs to sporting events because of how loud it gets! Music and voice audio is clear and good quality. On an airplane, if the pilot is speaking, I have to take them off to hear the announcement. If you want good sound and want to block out extraneous noise all around you, the Bose QuietComforts are worth the investment. I had a friend who's Bose started cutting out after 6 months and when she contacted the company they replaced them immediately, so they come with excellent customer service. lmck
Of course these are awesome.  Bose is the standard. I bought their first pair until they fell apart some ? 20 years ago.  Forget Dr. Dre and the over priced clunky things.  GO on any aircraft and you'll see the "elite" passengers with Bose.  Bose invented noise cancelling...period.  Always buy the "over ear" ones since you get the max power of noise cancelling.  I have had all sorts of short cut ones and been fooled by "noise reducing".  Never buy "noise reducing".  If you want real noise reduction buy ear muffs for a rifle range!  I once took my shooting ear buds and ear muffs on a plane - worked great with one on top of the other.  The whole point of ear protection on a plane is that you do arrive more rested - at least I do.  The constant pounding on your ear drums is more exhausting than you'd imagine on a 14 hour flight.  Most times I use only 15 cent construction equipment foam ear plugs.  But, my QuietComfort is awesome for great sound while watching a movie.  Go Bose or go home!
One word: BOSE!  If I had ANY complaint it would be that I'd like them to go a bit louder. Oh, and if you're in ANY sort of leaning position, they seem to slide off real easy... no matter what adjustment I make.  Got pretty annoying on a recent plane ride to Dallas, TX from Boston but overall not that big a problem.
I absolutely love these headphones! This is the second time I purchased Bose headphones with my first pair being noise reducing versus cancelling. Bought these as my old ones I had worn the ear cushions down where they flake the black soft plastic all over my shoulders and chest. Decided to upgrade to the noise cancelling instead of just replacing the ear cushions after 7 years of use and am so glad that I did! I work in a small office where everyone talks super loud and I have a more sensitive ear. I use these headphones almost every work day for 8-12 hours per day. They are also great for the car or if I want to listen to music instead of TV but still be near my husband while he watches something he wants. Even without listening to anything, with the headphones turned on, it significantly decreases the volume level of everything around me but where I can still be a part of the conversation, if desired. Definitely recommend these to anyone and everyone!
The sound of those things is absolutely amazing. And you can still heat what's going on around you if you have them in your ear for phone calls (as in leaving them in and waiting for a call). What I like most is that they do not hurt your ears at all - you can leave them in all day at the office and take calls as they come in without suffering from sore ears  that most other in-ear headphones cause.
I love these head phones, they sound better than last two models of Bose earbuds, I owned.  I love the dark red color and the longer cable.  I like that they are the same size and shape of the last two Bose earbuds I owned.  They are a perfect fit, I wear them all day, and I sleep them with on.
I received these as a gift for Christmas and I'm really impressed by the sound quality in these little ear buds.  I've been through a few cheaper ear buds, and have mostly just been using the standard Apple ones because they're not bad and a pair comes with every iPhone upgrade, so I have a ton laying around.  I also have some wooden ones that were about $70 and the quality is pretty good but they don't fit in my ears well.  These Bose ones blow both of those pairs away.  The silicone grips that hold them in your ears fit perfectly and are so comfortable!  The only thing I would change, if anything, is that I wish the cord were a bit thicker.  I'm always afraid if I accidentally tug the headphones too hard that the cord will break.  But the sound quality and the perfect comfortable fit of these makes up for that little complaint quite a bit.
I have been looking forward to seeing first hand if these or Bose is "advertisement" or "quality". So if you want an unbiased review, here it is..... I have used OEM and cheap earbuds all my life. The nicer set I would use is the Samsung set that came with my Samsung S5 phone. (Picture attached.) Below you will find my pros and cons list and the my final opinion.Pros-Nice zip up Bose box to keep them stored in. (I do have to ask why it was so big.) I would rather it be closer to the size of the headphones for pocket portability.-They feel nice, come over as well built and look stylish. (Long term and more use may move well built to cons. But for now it is a pro.)-The inline controller works well and just like other smart phone ear buds I have used.-They include a clip to use to assist with keeping them in place during physical use.Cons-Cost. For $115.38 which is the current price, I feel cheated as a customer and wish I went with a different brand.-Sound quality. I realize Bose is not known for a deep bass or a "thump" and rather for a smooth and crystal clear detailed sound, however, these almost seemed to be void of any at all which was disappointing. (And as some others have pointed out, when you have ZERO bass, you should expect nothing less.) I was just hoping for a mix. A little bass but still the crystal clear detailed sound.-None of the ear pieces seemed to be what I needed or maybe could benefit from a better design. The included ear pieces did a fine job of keeping the earbuds in my ears and they did feel very nice and light, however, I got a much fuller, cleaner and more depth full sound by adding slight pressure to my earbud with my fingers. Since I will not be walking around or using them with my fingers putting pressure on the ear buds, I think some investigation needs to be done to get that fuller sound without applying any pressure.Final Opinion.Sorry to say, my $20-30 Samsung OEM earbuds outperformed the BOSE hands down in sound quality. The Bose won hands down in terms of looks, fit and build design. Shame I could not combine the quality I have with Samsung to the design of the Bose. I wish I would have tried other earbuds such as the Audio Technica line up. Took a risk based on reviews and the advertisement of quality and was surely disappointed! Win some lose some.
Let me tell you, when I say I could go through 20 pair of headphones in two weeks, I definitely mean it. Whether the cords snapped, the wires frayed, the sound cut out, one earbud stopped working, or I just lost them, earbuds and I never got along. I got these Bose Freestyle Earbuds last Christmas, and I could not have asked for a better pair of headphones.I use the earbuds every single day, for hours on end, never yet having one problem. I've treated these earbuds like they were made of gold, never once letting them sit around or get tangled in any way. If I need to stop using them momentarily for whatever reason, I still fold them up neatly and place them back in the case they came with. The case is very handy, as well, because they don't get tangled or damaged while I'm taking them with me every single place I basically ever go.The noise cancellation is of such good quality in these earbuds that there have been days when I don't want to deal with people but also don't want to listen to music, so I will just put the earbuds in my ears and not be listening to anything. I can hardly hear my name being called from the person sitting next to me. The sound quality is amazing, too. I hear beats in songs that I had never heard before, even the oldest songs you can think of. Talking through the microphone also has surprising quality, sometimes I can hear the other person better through the headphones, especially in crowded places.The green and blue matches me to a T. My two favorites colors are lime green and a pretty royal blue, and these couldn't match better.The earbuds are so comfortable that you can forget you even have them in your ears. I can prop my head on my hand, lay on my pillow, lay in awkward positions, it does not matter how the pin drops, these earbuds are the most comfortable pair you will ever put in your ears. They actually come with 3 different sizes sets of ear pieces.Bose is probably the number one music brand in my household, so it was no surprise that Bose was chosen for me for Christmas, but these earbuds go above and beyond of anything I could have ever imagined. I can't even fantasize at having another pair of earbuds for years to come.These are the best quality earbuds I have ever come across, the most comfortable thing one can imagine stuffing into their ear, their sound is fantastic, and they're so durable, even though I haven't tested this aspect because I treat them more like babies than earbuds.Bottom line is, don't even think twice about the price of these earbuds, you'll know the first time you use them what a good decision it was. Maybe even the best decision you'll make for a couple of years. Don't hesitate. If you've thought about these earbuds, I say push the purchase button and pace until they come in because you have no idea what you're missing.
Ordered these for travel, but ended up using them on a regular basis instead. They function well with my samsung and are great for taking calls when I'm on the go. They are also surprisingly satisfying for the music I listen too. So when my Bose QCs aren't strapped to my head, these ones are in. This was my first time using this style of ear piece which at first was a little combersome getting them in and out of the ear, but I'm glad I went with it because they fit very well, they are not at all uncomfortable, and they can be used for running or exercising too. Overall same amazing quality I expect from Bose and a great functional addition to my lifestyle.
I won a pair of these earbuds in a raffle at my company Christmas Party. The sound quality is not any better than the earbuds that came with my iPhone. They do seem stay in place well.I definitely would not pay the outraguse retail price for these earbuds... glad mine were free...
I've had a pair of these for a couple of months now and I'm very pleased. I had a hard time deciding on whether to get these or the Shure SE215 (for roughly the same price). I eventually decided on these because they had better reviews. The sound quality is very good. I've heard better, but for the price, they fit. You can easily distinguish each instrument in every song thanks to the clarity too. As for build quality they're pretty sturdy. I've dropped them a few times and jammed them into my pockets hundreds of times and they look brand new. Heck, I even listen to them in the shower sometimes and they're still fine (not recommended). The gummy ear piece fits really well in my ear and is pretty snug. You can tell these were meant for athletes. This leads me to my first complaint though. After a few hours of listening the top piece that goes in your ear does start to hurt but if you are just using them for two hours or less you'll be fine. Also, these are not sound isolating at all. Not only can you hear everything around you but if your music is loud enough someone can easily hear what you're listening to.  All in all, good pair. For the price I expected a bit more, well... shock (it is Bose after all) but I'm not disappointed either. If you'd rather spend less money and get the same sound quality pick up a pair of Skullcandy Full Metal Jackets. They're around $40 and sound just as good.
I was gifted these Earbuds for my birthday. 1.5 years later, they still sound and look great! I have lost them, washed them, and done every sort of activity using The Bose Freestyle Earbuds, but they refuse to break. The only wear is a slight decrease in the sharpness of the audio and slight paint peeling on the earbuds' detailing. The earbuds never come out of my ears, and are awesome for exercise or studying. The only downside for a typical user, could possibly be that these earbuds let in all outside noise. Overall, having payed $130.00 for these, I am extremely satisfied. It seems that these earbuds have been now discontinued for a newer model, but that model is known for wire splits and frays. Now that these can be bought for $60.00, I would definitely pick them up. Overall 10/10, I have no complaints.
Sound quality was ok nothing special I dished out 100 bucks because I wanted something with quality sound but that is also durable. The wire is just like any other heap hone wire which seems foolish to me. Big problem with headphones is wires rip. That's pretty much the main reason you get new ones. You'd expect them to protect the wire with a bit more padding but nope. At this rate these 100$ ear buds will need to replaced just as often as 20$ ones. I've had skull candy titans for a long time the sound quality is pretty much even with the bose sounding a little better depending on the music.
These are great headphones, but Bose should really change the tips to the StayHear version which also fits these phones.  The new tips make all the difference in the world, taking these from an adequate headphone to an exceptional isolation headphone in just one step.  The isolation tips are comfortable to wear and sleep in and make the sound a much nicer crisper tone, but with great bass.I would buy these again, but at first chance would replace the tips with Stay Hear tips. 4-Stars for these since I had to replace the tips for better performance.
These stay in my ears while running, and most earbuds don't. The support arches are very soft; you can't even feel them when they are in and people can't see them. The sound is drastically better than your normal $20 earbuds and you can still here outside noise, which is good for me because I wear them running. If you're looking for high-quality earbuds that look good and won't hurt your ears after extending periods of listening, these are a great choice.
These don't fit my ears well with any of the adapters and don't seal to give the sound that Bose is known for. I can't return them because I have already worn them multiple times to get them to work better. I wouldn't recommend these to anybody who has any hearing loss or is an audiophile - my $30 Philips buds do a better job than these.
These are the best!! I've gone through many different headphones and not only do they produce great sound but they are the most comfortable I've ever worn. Most headphones/ear buds hurt my ears after awhile but I wore these on a 5-hour flight with no discomfort at all. I have many Bose products and they never disappoint. I think these were an older model which is why the price was lower than this years model but that is fine with me. I love that they come with different sizes of in-ear buds.
I own the bose qc2s and expected similar sound quality when I bought these. I was wrong. In fact, the twenty dollar skull candy in ear buds sound way better than these. These really are bose just putting their name on something to get five times their BOM costs....and the weird wing shape actually hurts my inner ear area. It was a bad idea to purchase these.
If I could give these headphones greater than 5 stars I would. Before finding this model, I had gone through so many brands and models of headphones and could never find any that were right for me. Either they were too large for my ears and fell out when I ran, or the sound quality was horrible, or Id hear thumping sounds when I accidentally tapped the wires, or they hurt my ears. Generally it was a combination of all of these factors. Then I found an article about the best earbuds for people with small ears, and decided to give these Bose headphones a try when I saw that an unpopular color was significantly discounted. I love everything about them (even the color). The sound quality is amazing, tapping the wires causes no distortions, and they fit my ears perfectly. I have done two 8-mile runs with them in my ears and they have never even come close to falling out of my ears. I think that pretty much says it all!
These are truly terrible ear buds. I bought 3 of them in sequence, returning them to amazon when the microphone would go out. On the third pair, it went out exactly 31 days after I bought them, so I couldn't return them. These is some defect where the microphone drops out after a relatively short period of time. They still work as headphones, but when I want to take of make a call, I have to pull them out and use the phone directly. I only wish I could return this pair!
Original iPhone headphone $29. This headphone $69. The sound is very good but not amazing specially comparing with my other headphone from V-Moda. Sound quality isn't too different from original iPhone headphone maybe a little more clear and they stay in my ears all the time, the iPhone's keeping falling off. The cord doesn't feel very strong. All plastic and too expensive.
I've had these about 3 months now and love them. i am a homeschooler and i listen to soft music through these and they block out the surrounding noises. i would be giving these a 5 star but the bass isn't really all that good. i like drake and artists like that and these just don't provide the bass that i want. if they could make something right in between beats over powering bass and bose under powering it would be perfect! other then that, they are very comfy, and well built.
This is my third pair of Bose in-ear headphones. The first two were of the older sort, the MIE earbuds, which literally disintegrated after about a year and a half of use - the earbud leads simply developed tons of small holes, exposing the wiring underneath, and the volume and control buttons totally failed. This was after daily but careful use. I was initially very impressed by this new version -- the leads are thicker, the volume control cluster more robust. After only 2 months of *gentle* use (seriously), the right earbud stopped producing sound unless pressure was applied to the jack, and then the left one followed suit, and now I have a $119 piece of plastic. Returning it under warranty to Bose now.
Yes, these are awesome headphones, but not sure they are worth the price tag.  I was expecting great sound quality and on the instrumentals it does sound great, but the vocal quality is average.  Other complaint is that to truly get good sound quality you have to use these in a quaint environment.  When using where there is fair amout of background noise(train), the audio quality is hidden as they do not block out exterior noise well.  Super comfy and light however
Sounds quality is great, and the earphones are really comfortable. BUT I travel a lot for work, and when I used them for the inflight videos on my last flight, someone grazed the armrest and bent the crap out of the jack. It's so bent that they won't plug all the way into anything anymore. Bose is replacing them as they're still under warranty, but shipping costs are not included, and I fear that the new pair will have the same fate.
Most earbuds hurt my ears if I wear them for too long, but by using the small size of these, I hardly have that problem at all. They fit my ears well, sound is great, etc etc. I've had them for several years now and the wire casing started cracking a few years back, which is why they're only 4 stars. They still work fine (so far) but that is something I've noticed. Other than the wire exposure, they're lasting a long time and are quite comfortable.
I recently came across these at a big box retail store for only $25, which is a STEAL as these normally sell for around $50 on Amazon. I couldnt pass up on these and I had an opportunity to thoroughly test them. Here are my impressions:PROS:The build is fairly sturdy with a rubberized coating on the headband which does cling to my head. There really is no cushioning on the headband but it's not an issue for me; I prefer the flexibility and lightness more. The ear cups are rather large and bulbous as opposed to a more flat design of Beats headphones for example. The ear cups are somewhat shiny and reflective, but not much of a big deal for me especially for $25. There is a Skullcandy logo on each side above the ear cup and is a very minimalistic design overall which I prefer. I would have preferred a more matte like finish though but not a deal breaker for me. The cord is nice and thick as well and detachable which comes in handy.The comfort is pretty good for over ear headphones. The ear cups dont have as much cushion as Im use to, but I actually prefer this as it lets your ears breath a little more as these ear cups do heat up and make you sweat some after an extended listening period. And less cushion in the ear cups dont really affect comfort level for me. Also, I wear glasses and since these are an over ear design, they will put pressure around the legs of the glasses. This happens after 1-2 hours of continuous use just like every other over ear model Ive tried. I alleviate this by either just lifting the legs of the glasses above the ear cushion or just taking them off for a break.The sound quality of these over ear headphones is where they really shine. Im no audiophile, but I do recognize good sounding headphones for the money. These definitely are more biased towards the lows(bass) and I compare the sound to the Beats line of headphones. Ive listened to several models of Beats headphones and these Skullcandys are similar to me for a lot less money! I do like Beats headphones for their style, build quality, and booming bass, but I just feel theyre too overpriced; everyone seems to have them just because celebrities/athletes endorse them and are not really a good value overall in my opinion.Back to the sound of the Skullcandy's. These definitely lean more to the lows, but the mids and highs are good enough for me. Ive listened to a variety of music from hip-hop, R&B;, electronic, pop, jazz, classical and movie soundtracks and the more I listen, the better the sound gets for me. This may be just that the headphones are going through a burn-in and that Im getting use to them more though. The bass is booming to say the least, not tight or very refined, but I wouldnt expect it to be for this non-audiophile headphone. Its on par to Beats headphones for me. If you listen to primarily electronic, hip-hop or anything that has a lot of bass, these would fit the bill. Also, I tested these at the gym and they work well for lifting weights and some cardio like walking/jogging on treadmills, ellipticals, and rowing machines. These do block out much of the ambient gym noise which is nice to be able to just focus on your workout. If you do any intense training though, then Im sure sport ear buds are more appropriate and not headphones like these.CONS:I was actually surprised that these headphones came with a detachable cable, but no audio controls like play/pause or mic. It is convenient to just pause/play or skip forward your music. I believe Amazon does sell a model that comes with a cable with media controls. I had a spare cable from another set of headphones and I plugged them in, and the media controls do work, so not a big deal for me and definitely not a deal breaker.The ear cups are rather large so depending on your head size it can look ridiculously big. For me, since I have a large head, these headphones seem better suited, however I do have to adjust them to the largest size to just fit. Also, depending on your neck size, if you hang them around your neck, these are quite large and will restrict your head movement especially looking down. I have a somewhat thicker neck and felt that my head movement was restricted while wearing these around the neck, especially while looking down.These headphones dont fold flat or fold up to a more compact size, so not really ideal for travel. They come with a simple drawstring bag that doesnt offer really any protection. These can be thrown into a backpack but it will take up more room than just about every other headphone Ive used. But I do think they would work well on a plane as these do block out a lot of the exterior noise.In conclusion, the cons are more nitpicks to me and these are overall great headphones around the $50 price range, especially those who are considering pricier Beats. At $25, its an absolute STEAL and highly recommended!
These headphones are amazing. They are so comfy(you could wear them for hours without it hurting).The battery last so long and you could walk about 20 ft away from you device with the Bluetooth on.it does come with a charger a aux cord if you don't want to use the Bluetooth. And a nice big carry case for your headphones and cords.I love these and the price. I would definitely recommended these to some one else. Don't waste $200 on beats, when you can spend $50 that are just as good.
Want a great pair of headphones that wont break the bank? Buy these! I originally wanted the Beats headphones like most kids but couldn't afford them so a guy at a local target store showed me these and I listened to them and was blown away how good they sound for $59.99! If they offered a little more bass they would be as good as beats headphones for a fraction of the price.Pros:They look great!Quality feelVery durableAmazing soundGreat price!Cons:NONE!Conclusion:BUY THESE HEADPHONES! They are great for the money. Skullcandy is a great company with a good warranty and great products. You will love these headphones. If you are shopping for a bass head and have a little more to spend checkout the Skullcandy Crushers.
I purchased these on behalf of my 12 year old son.  He liked them but they started to come apart recently.  Unfortunately, we are past the "return window".  For them to only stay intact for 2 1/2 months is not good quality.  He's totally bummed he spent over $45 of his own money to buy something that fell apart so quickly.
Skullcandy FTW! My Hesh 2's survived a 4 month old Lab/Pit mix puppy who was bored while I was at work. They still work perfectly. The only casualties were the cushions and the cord. Both of which are easily replaceable and can be found on Amazon. IDK how she got to them but apparently she has an thing for lime green.
i should have heeded the ratings i saw. i've only had the headphones for 3 months and i can already hear the left speaker rattling inside the headset. i read the low reviews but didn't want to believe that these head phones would fall apart so quickly, since a previous set i owned lasted me for over 2 yrs before i lost them. this both sad and disappointing. i'm sorry i didn't believe the reviews. PBS screwed me out of (roughly) 40 dollars.
The sound is really good, but the product states they include Mic, and for some reason I got the version without the Mic.I purchased these to use at the office and wanted to have the ability to use for conference calls, so I'm bummed about it. Great sound quality and noise cancelling though.
I bought this for my son.  It works well, however, I liked the idea that I could replace the cord if needed.  The cord broke and turns out that it is impossible to find a good replacement cord. Skullcandy does not sell it (out of stock and they don't know when it will become available) and I can't find a generic brand with good reviews.
I like that the cord is detachable so it can be stored separately instead of wrapping around the headphones in a messy tangle.  The cord can also be used as an AUX cable.Skullcandy will always be my company for headphone purchases.  Perhaps the quality isn't as good as something like Bose, but the sound is good enough for most purposes, and the price is significantly cheaper.The warranty is amazing as well.  Send in headphones that have broken when it's not your fault, and they'll give you a gift card for the full price so you can buy a new pair.  Even if you break the headphones on purpose, sending them in will still get you a gift card for half of the price.  Can't beat that.
Turns out my first pair wasn't broken, it was the cord. But nonetheless I love these headphones and will always stick by skullcandy. These ones work great for metal. Which is better than the skull crusher ones. Those are NOT meant for metal lolThese came earlier than expected and are exactly what was described by seller. Would definitely order from seller again :)
I have 2 pairs of these one white and one black.  For the price these things can't be beat especially by Beats.  Good bass and I can hear everything clearly.  They are pretty durable too.  I've dropped mine lots of times and besides getting scratched up they didn't fall apart or explode like the pair of Beats I wasted 200 bucks on did.  They are awesome in the winter because they act like ear muffs and keep your listening devices nice and warm, summer on the other hand kills me as you will be dripping sweaty and just feeling unpleasant.  They are big but that doesn't really bother me at all.  All in all these things are worth every penny and if you like different types of music they are a good buy because everything that comes out of these sounds really good.
Very nice headset. Like the way it completely covers the ears. This helps block what you don't want to hear while you are listening to your music. Skullcandy has a really good reputation for quality and this item does not disappoint. Very high quality product to low cast ratio = Happy Purchase
I cant believe people are seriously giving these headphones good reviews. I bought these on clearance yesterday at radio shack for 18 dollars and theyre not even worth that. The build is great but the sound is so tiny, it sounds like the music is coming from another room. I wouldnt even buy these for 5 dollars unless you just needed any headphones to carry to school or whatever without worrying about them getting damaged or lost. My iphone's speakers has better sound than this. Of course this is only for rock and alternative, when i put on some rap, the music quality kicked up 10 notches for some reason. Also unlike decent headphones, EVERYONE around you can hear the music youre listening to almost as well as you can hear it yourself, so expect stares when youre wearing these.
BARELY FITS. I swear my ears hurt after a while. I mean they fit but,  just by they squeeze tight near the edge of the hole. I'm an adult so my ears are big. This would probably be good for a kid not me. Don't buy these headphones either way, find a newer version or headphones with sort of an oval-shaped ear cup which is more reliable. I would recommend the August EP640 (Which I Have) or 650
Honestly, I'm super disappointed in this set from this seller. First off, the package came in a dented, half-destroyed USPS box that had gunk all over one of its corners, so that was a pretty disgusting thing to see. But that could have been the mail carrier's fault for tossing the box around in the truck. However, the seller simply shoved the item into a tight-fitting USPS flat rate box with no packing materials between the Skullcandy packaging around the headphones and the actual shipping box. So these babies probably endured all of that tossing and crushing. If I could post a photo to accompany this review, I would, because I have photos of how the box looked when I received these today and I was really angry. Could the seller NOT have written "electronics, handle with care" on the shipping box? It would've taken a few seconds.Anyway, back to the product. The headphones, while almost $55 all in (with shipping included), feel shoddily made. They were advertised as noise-canceling Hesh 2 headphones, but they are more like "too-big, noise-leaking headphones." They don't fit my head or ears as well as the Hesh 2s I tried on two days ago in Best Buy and the sound quality is worse than the ones I had on at the Best Buy store, too! Suffice to say, I will be returning these for a refund. I'm really upset, the style and color were really cute and I thought I was getting a quality product. Instead I got a banged-up set of headphones whose leather ear cushion pieces are coming apart from the plastic piece that holds them in place, and a cord with a mic that was wired backward so I can't use the microphone (I have to plug in the headphones backward to hear any sound at all, so the mic now sits at the bottom of the headset cord instead of by my mouth/face). Highly disappointed with this purchase.
Gave these to my son for Christmas.  Compared them to my wife's Beats Solo 2 and I preferred the sound of these.  My son has been using these for a little over 5 months now and they are still working great.  Have found under is bed in his backpack and everywhere else and still have great sound.
I looked into the beats studio 2.0 . Saw em used on Ebay going for $90. A friend told me to check out Skullcandy. I was looking for something to jam at night after work. I listen to everything from Death metal to hiphop. Bass is good, not overpowerin but still hits.Highs n mids are good and clear. Blocks out noise pretty good to. The DBs have padding.The mic wire WAS INCLUDED. For $40 this is the way to go.If you want mega bass try the Crushers.
Like other reviewers, I've tried a couple of dozen different head/ear phones, some very pricey.  None are as comfortable or sound better than these. They are highly efficient, extending battery life of your player.  Most importantly, they stay postioned even during rigorous activity. Ok, they're not the prettiest. They still get all my stars.
So there are 500+ reviews here and it's likely no one will read this, but I actually have strong, and I think useful opinions to share. I can't say a lot about sound quality. A lot of people seem to want to speak authoritatively on that topic. Frankly, all the earphones pretty much sound the same to me. But among earphones (as opposed to headphones--i.e. with little things that stick into the ear canal), with over the top ear supports, which is the kind I like to buy, I recommend these Sony MDR-J10 instead. First, I think they (the Sonys) are substantially more comfortable than the Philips because the part that sticks into the ear is rounded. This is a really big difference that may seem trivial, but if you try both of them, I think you'll really notice. I find it's a really big difference in comfort.Second, I like the bendy-over plugs (i.e. the ones that make a 90 degree turn and sit flush against the device) better than the sticky-out plugs. If you use an ipod with a case, you might need the sticky-out type; but otherwise I find that the sticky out plugs tend to get knocked around since they have a rigid piece of metal sticking out over a centimeter from the headphone port, and that can damage the device you're using them with. This really sucks--your $300 cellphone or mp3 player or whatever getting broken by a $5 pair of earphones.The one problem I've had with the Sonys is that they tend to wear out over time from my sweating on them when I run more so than I think the Phillips do. It's not a huge difference. I'm a heavy sweater, and both brands will wear out for me after 6 months or so--which means I usually lose them before I break them--but I think I've noticed the problem more with the Sonys.
I do a lot of cardio exercise in the Gym and this product is seriously amazing. I have used other headphones, those chunky ones and they all fell off once you start running on the treadmill, but this one fits right into your ears.The product is so light that at time you wouldn't even feel if there is something plugged into your ears.The only downside is it takes a while before you could get it perfectly fit onto your ears, but 2 mins wouldn't harm.Good product at this price.
The sound on this item is very good considering the small package and low price. I like the design of the ear hook as it doesn't get in the way of my sunglasses like some similar designs.These secure much better than the similar Sony design, and stand up to running very well.The low and high end sound ranges come through very well.  Low Bass is particularly hard for small earphones to reproduce well and these sound great.However depending on the exact size of your head/ears these may not work for you.  My wife has very small ears compared to me and they will not securely hook over them.  So be warned.
Philips Earhook  Headphones, Model SHS3200(/28?), Extra Bass.Philips keeps changing their model numbers and their listings on Amazon, but stores like CVS only have the older model numbers in stock, so it is sometimes impossible to match up an Amazon review with a model number that I actually have in my possession. Even the ones I buy from Amazon have conflicting numbers. I do not know how much actual difference there is between the old number earphones and the new number earphones, as the headphones seem to look the same. The SHS5200 on-ear and SHS4840 earhook headphones are examples. Amazon only lists the newer models, the SHS5200/28 and SHS4840/28, not the original SHS5200 or SHS4840. The top of the box for the SHS390 on-ear neckphones says "SHS390", while the box scanning label says "SHS390/27". To make matters even more confusing, the top of the box that the SHS3200 headphones came in, says "SHS3200", while the scanning label on the box says "SHS3200/28". The ear hook headphones themselves do not even have model numbers printed on them. What the hell is going on here? Is there anyone at Philips keeping track of the information being printed on the headphones and packaging? Philips needs to hire some better employees. How can I figure out which model numbers are correct? I definitely have to send an email to Philips to try to make some sense out of all of this. What a confusing mess they created.Anyway, this SHS3200(/28?) model is not bad. Without the neckband of the on-ear SHS5200 to deal with, there is less of a comfort issue. The SHS3200(/28?) headphones are a bit on the bright side, so long term higher volume listening may become painful, but the bass is present even when using a flat setting on your sound source. These earhook headphones are glorified earbuds, as they still go into your ears, just not as far, and they hook over the tops of your ears to keep them in place.  Pushing them further into your ear canals will improve the clarity of the sound, but at the cost of comfort (pain) in the ear canals, and also a splitting headache behind your ears. My overall impression? The sound rates four stars for being a little too bright on the top end, the quality of construction only rates four stars, brought down by the 1/16" thick cords going to the earphones (they are very flimsy and may not last long), the design rates three stars due to the sound quality and flimsy cords, and the comfort rates five stars, provided you don't insert them very far. Overall, we get a total of 16 stars out of a possible 20, or 80% (B-), and a rating of four stars. Are the SHS3200(/28?) headphones worth buying? Yes, and at the price of $15, they are good headphones at a very cheap price.
I have to say, these earphones really impressed me considering the price. Usually, with earphones this inexpensive, you wouldn't expect much, but these prove other wise. Starting off with the build quality and durability, It exceeds expectations. The rubber ear hooks are definitely made with quality as well as the casing of the earbuds themselves. The design of these earphones makes it really difficult for them to come off your ear once put on. So you can do a whole variety of things with your earphones without the worry of them coming off. Also, the cords are nice and durable. Ive had mine for a little over a year now and they still work just like new with minimal wear on them, so there are no worries when it comes to casual yanks and tugs. You can tell that these weren't just thrown together like any other pair for this price but rather has thought put into it. Now on to the sound quality of these earphones. Truly, you will be amazed by how much sound these things can produce. The bass is nice and balanced and doesn't overpower the music you are listening to. The treble was quite surprising when i heard it. everything was so crisp on highs, lows and mids. Even on the max volume, nothing became distorted or choppy. Last but not least would be the comfortableness of these earphones. It is not the best, but is decent. After about an hour and a half of listening to music i began to feel my ears hurting and just had to take them out. Other than that, these earphones are awesome. Overall, these earphones are great and exceeds expectations considering their price. I'd definitely recommend this product to anyone looking for good sounding earbuds with a good looking price.Feel free to leave a comment if you have a question or just want to share your thoughts. Also, please leave a positive vote if you found this review helpful. Thanks
These have been my headphones of choice for the last 5 or so years, but unfortunately that run has come to an abrupt end.  The replacement cycle was typically ~six months, which I think is fair for a pair of cheaper headphones used for working out and such.However, a recent pair broke after about one month.  Frustrated, I tried a few other brands of earbuds (the in-ear headphones are uncomfortable for me).  After a few so-so months in those, I thought I'd give the Philips headphones another try.  This was a big mistake.  The earpiece fell apart SIX HOURS after opening the package, and after only some light use on a car ride.  This is completely unacceptable, and clearly shows a decrease in the product quality in my opinion.To clarify what I mean by 'breaking', the issue with these headphones is that the speakers themselves are cheaply glued into the earbud, so the whole earpiece tends to fall apart.  You can line the circular cover back up and make it fit again, but once it starts to fall apart, it becomes too frequent to be worth the mid-workout hassle.  I would post a picture of the damage, but the new Amazon review form does not allow me to do so. -- [EDIT:  In the editing mode, I was allowed to add the photo so you should see it now.]Summary:  Earphones will fall apart very easily.  I know these are cheaper headphones, but your money is better spent elsewhere.  Avoid avoid avoid.
The Good:It's light weight, and the sound quality is decent given the price. Also, the volume coming out of these speakers is loud. I couldn't turn up my mp3 player more than halfway with these ear buds. It's that loud. My other ear buds I have to turn up the volume way up to hear it properly.The Bad:Unless you have large ears these will not stay in if you are going physical activity. I bought these to use at the gym. They do not stay in when I am jogging on the treadmill or when doing certain weight lifting exercises (ie. flat bench press and decline bench press).Conclusion:These ear buds are a hit or miss in regards to if they will fit your ears, because they can't be adjusted. Some people have the type of ears that made for ear buds;however, I am not one of them. Which is why I bought these; thinking that the ear hook will make a big difference. The ear hook made no difference, because either it is the right fit for your ears or not. The quality is good, and it stays in my ear if I am walking or doing light activity, but I bought it for jogging and weight lifting, and it fails for those activities.
Ok, I have a love/hate relationship with these. I use these mostly for running (as they stay put; better than more expensive Apple ones) and working out. But after some time, the rubber covering that goes over the earbud falls off and it then hurts to have the metal earbud bare in one's ear canal.  Grrrrrrr.I go through a few of these a year; as the ear coverings don't seem to stay on long (but I must say that the headphones themselves work fine; so it's a shame to have to throw away because of the lack of a rubber covering!). Other than that issue, these work great.I think I might have to do a work-around and hotglue down the rubber pieces prior to wearing them for the first time. I have to buy another pair as we speak/write.  :)
The sound quality for these headphones is pretty darn good considering the price.  Not the heavy base or crystal clear tones, but still very decent for the price.The problem is the fit.  Neither the earhooks nor speakers are adjustable at all.  The buds are a hard plastic covered by a paper-thin layer of rubber.  The earhooks, while pliable rubber, are not hinged for optimal fit.The buds are also very large.  I have smaller ears and I can not wear these headphones for more than two hours before they become painful.  This tight fit is the only reason these headphones stay on as the hooks don't even touch my ears!I use these at work, so I'm not using them constantly, but I am currently looking for a new pair.
Though these have great sound, and seem well-made, they do not sit comfortably in the ear.  They are not shaped in a way that allows them to be in your ear without irritating one area or another - after a day or so of use, I actually was bleeding in one spot where the hard edge of the "speaker" rubbed against a curved part of my ear.  The other ear has areas that are swollen - and I cannot put them back on!  There is no way that these could be used comfortably for longer than an hour or so I would think.  I do not have "small" ears and there is nothing unusual about how my ears are shaped - these just don't fit properly without hurting.  What a shame, because the sound is quite good -
I have been wearing only Earhooks for the past six years because they're so comfortable and they don't fall out. My primary use of earphones are listening to my iPod when I'm lying in bed (and can't blast it because my dorm roommate would freak out) and these stay on whether I toss and turn and sleep on my side (a lot of other earphones I tried can't take all this movement). My only warning is that these don't last forever. I've had several pairs and after about 2 years or so, one side of the earphones will stop working and you have to get a new one. But they're so comfortable, they flex and bend with you, that I can't go to any other earphones now.
As a few others have mentioned about the price, I almost did not buy these headphones as I thought the quality would be too "cheap" to be worth it.  I LOVE these headphones!  They are light, great sound, hardly can tell they are on, and fit on my ears really well.  They rival the "normal" headphones that came with my Sansa e260 mp3 player.  I bought these headphones mostly to use at the gym while running.  My other headphones would slip out from bouncing up and down and sweating.  These headphones work great, and I sometimes use them instead of the headphones that came with my mp3 player for everyday use.
You're not buying these if you're an audiophile. You're buying them b/c you run/jog/hike/whatever and you're sick of earbuds falling out. These don't fall out. Maybe they look dumb. Who cares? They work. As for sound quality, it's fine. I've owned them now for years, and I've only had one set fail (I think the cord got pinched). So if this solves your earbud-madness problem, buy it.Why only four stars? Because they're a pain if you wear glasses. What's the solution to that problem? Flexible arms, maybe? I'm not the engineer. Let's hope the good people at Phillips figure that one out.
First time I've ever written a review for one of the many,  many products I've bought. These earphones have decent sound quality, but not much bass. The biggest thing is, they are the most uncomfortable earphones I've ever worn. The part that sticks in your ear, the earbud part, is very hard, and presses into your ear in an uncomfortable way. The part that wraps around your ear is very hard, stiff plastic that also rubs your skin. My ears hurt in several places at once if I wear these for more than 5 minutes. Buy something, anything, else. These are awful.
Bought these to replace a broken ipod headphone. I generally like Philips products a lot. These are so-so. Sound quality is similar to old ipod ones I had, which is ok for the price. They are very loud compared to other headphones, which I guess is good (less battery consumption?). However, they hurt after a while. I feel like the earloop is pushing them against the ear canal and causing too much pressure. If you twist the earloop you can sort of shape it better to your ear. They don't bother me much anymore. Just need to be broken in.
I'm 30 years old, so by now I have been around and have used several pieces for running or just chilling. These are, in my opinion, some of the best sounding headphones I have ever had.The Earhook is so flexible you stop feeling it after a little while, and the bud doesn't go in the ear canal.  I have very small ear canals and most buds usually hurt when inserting or when popping them out.  The sound quality is amazing, and, common on, for $5 there are better than some pricier headphones.I'm buying 10 more of these.
I'm not taking a star off for sound quality.  For $9 you simply can't expect a great sound.For $9 you shouldn't expect great construction; however, these ear buds have been through 2 years of Hades.  We're talking marathons, rain, crazy sweat, etc.  They shouldn't have lasted 3 months.  They just recently began to short out in one ear.I'm impressed and just bought another pair.  Again, if you're an audiophile then skip them.  If you need something to stick in your ears for podcasts while on a 20 mile run, grab 'em.
These have always been my "go to style" for headphones but my last several pairs I've tried have had the problem after a month or two of "shocking" me.  I think when I sweat something happens in the earbud part and I get an actual electrical shock that is quite uncomfortable in the ear and so I just can't buy these anymore.  I don't notice it so much when I'm not sweaty, so it has to do with the moisture for sure.  But in any case, it's going to deter me from buying this style in the future.
The product is very good for the workout needs ... I was so looking for a perfect headphone for my workout and here i found this .. This one has a very good sound (really huge .. believe me) ...I cannot comment on durability much yet.. It is only 1 month since i got this.. So for it works good. No compliants..One would feel a slight pain to start with.. But it depends on how you use it also. Do not force the bud too much into the ears. This is my first philips product and you know what .. I love it.
I have seen a couple reviews saying that these headphones are for people with big ears. I've been told that I have a big head, maybe this all coincides?Any who. I have been buying these headphones for the past couple years and they work very well for me during various activities that include: trail running, cross-fit type workouts, etc. They last me about 8 to 12 months. For the price, I am okay with that. I recommend these to other big eared people!
I have bought several pairs of the headphones in the image in stores, and was upset when they stopped carrying them.I was quite excited to see them here (and for cheaper no less!), but was upset when I opened the package to find VERY DIFFERENT headphones than imaged.I don't want to spend the time or money returning something so cheap.Please change the image so that no other customers buy these, mistaking them for something else!
THE only one that stays on while doing whatever. The sound is as good as some of my old expensive bulky head phones. Can't complain about the nice price either. Again, the sound is exceptional. I listen to a lot of music: walking, working out, and mowing the lawn. These are the type that works for me as well as how much they stand up to constant use. Love the product.
These were a rather disappointing purchase and subsequently a return. They don't conform well to your ear, they don't "Hook" or stay in one place, and they are horrible to work out in. One quick trip out on a run and I had to turn around to drop these back off at the house. I wouldn't recommend these to anyone looking for a headset to be active in.
In summary: Great set of headphones for the money. I wear them a few times a week for the gym and the earhook feature is very comfortable. There's nothing more frustrating then having your ipod headphones fall out during mid-set at the gym. For a pair of headphones that sound good, feel comfortable, and don't fall out of your ear: This is what you want.
I run about 20-25 miles a week and this is the first pair of earhooks that stay firmly in place for me. I have large ears and they are comfortable and sound pretty good for a cheap pair of buds. I have had them a few months and they have taken a beating and still work great. If you're looking for some workout headphones, buy these.
My special needs son is very hard on earphones. He has limited use of his left hand and has difficulty putting certain styles on. He is able to manage these independently. He takes them off and on countless times daily and the earphones survive. I buy them in multiples as he loses them frequently. The price is unbeatable.
I bought these as I can't wear earbud style headphones as they just fall out.  I've had a different brand of these type and they were great but expensive.  These are okay but seem to fall off my ears after a while.  Not the most comfortable either if you wear them for more then a few hours.
These are legit! and too great for its price! i just go everywhere with them! It cancels everything! My sister told me that she yelled at me from behind and i still didn't hear her, and yeah i didn't! It's been doing me more then it's intended! Buy it! Philips is a great company for sound!
I have always bought these headphones after they are worn out. They are sorta my goto headphones to buy. The sound quality is not the best but the fit is amazing. I use these for running and never have issues falling out. If you are looking for high quality sound then this is not for you.
In the past I've tried a few different running headphones but so far these I've found are best in terms of staying on, resistance to sweat.Naturally the sound quality is not the best, but hey for $10 I don't expect more, of course I'd like it to be better sound quality.
The sound quality is very good, but the hook design is not the right fit for me. When I went for a run, the hook on my left ear slipped off a few times. It got to be frustrating. It could be just my ear, but I think these would be better for men or those with larger ears.
For the last 10 years, I've been a religious user of the Sony MDR-J10 headphones (http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B00007EDM8/ref=mp_s_a_1_34?qid=1447217281&sr;=8-34=AC_SX110_SY165_QL70&keywords;=sony+headphones&dpPl;=1&dpID;=51BM3sWZ9fL&ref;=plSrch) for workouts. They come in tons of colors and sold for $10/$15. They'd usually last 6-18 months, so the low price point coupled with solid sound quality and comfort made them winners.Then their price spiked to $30/$40, so I figured I'd try this Phillips version for $6. Six bucks. That's a latte.Well, I should have gone with the latte. After reading the reviews, I had high hopes that these would be my new favorite. Wow, was I wrong! I could barely convince myself to use them throughout my entire workout. So, I didn't.Comfort:These headphones hurt. In short, they're a weird shape that neither fits in the ear nor positions well above it. When in, they hurt. When above, they fall out.Do they stay in?I run ~50 miles/month in sets of 24 min 5Ks. This information is important because it reveals the pace of my runs - not slow, but certainly not a dead sprint. These headphones barely stayed in for my first minutes, so I tucked them into my hat, and they still had to be adjusted every few minutes.Sound quality:So, let's say you're buying these guys for stationary stuff - desk work, hanging out, casual use. Even then, I say DO NOT BUY if you care about sound quality. Admittedly, as a DJ, sound quality matters to me more than most, but for $6, my expectations were anchored. Still, the sound quality is mediocre to sub par for the Phillips brand. I expected at least a little bit better.Summary:In short, these headphones only make sense for those on an extremely tight budget who do not care about comfort, sound quality, nor fit. Even their cord is a rigid, cheap plastic. If it weren't such a hassle for such an inconsequential amount, I'd return these bad boys. Instead, I'll give them away to someone I don't particularly like.
I bought these headphones to use at the gym. I wanted ones that sat on the ear but didn't go all the way in like an earbud (I still like to hear outside noises, like people talking to me), and I wanted earhooks because otherwise my earphones have a tendency to fall off. These headphones fit both of those criteria, and they were also fairly inexpensive. They are fairly impressive for how little they cost--the sound quality is excellent, at least for the gym, and much better than other cheap headphones I've used (and they lasted a bit longer, though see below).My only issue is longevity: I'm sure these will be fine for light or occasional use. (I have put them in my office now and plan to use them maybe a few times a week when I need to listen to something and not disturb my co-workers.) However, they did not hold up very well at the gym, lasting only a few months, if that. The speaker grille is held on to the earbud by a rubber-like ring/band around the outside of the earphone, and eventually the grille seems to slip through. At first, slipping the ring back over the grille (and plastic part on the back of the earphone) will work to hold them back together, but eventually enough of either the grill, the band, or the plastic back will break that this stops working--that is, if the earphone doesn't completely detach itself from the ear hook first.I'm deducting one star for the quality problems, but you have to keep in mind that I still think this isn't bad for the price. Headphones at the gym rarely last longer than a few months for me, and buying more expensive headphones only delays how long it takes for them to inevitably break (I think Apple's stock iPod headphones lasted the longest for me at over a year, but that was close to a decade ago and they might be different now). They may hold up better in lower-stress environments like my office, but only time will tell. I'll update this review if much changes.
I've bought several of these Philips earhook headphones over the past ~6 years from my local Bullseye store simply because they were fairly cheap compared to some of the other headphones I see on the shelves that are really expensive and in my opinion, unnecessary.  Some of the other earphones I've tried like the Beats tour and Sony MDREX10LP have these gigantic rubber ear buds that I have to twist and shove into my ear and hope they stay on while I go running.  Even with the different sets of ear buds they provide, the feeling of jamming rubber balls into my ear never worked out for me.  I like these Philips earhook headphones in particular because putting them on is quick and easy.  I can throw on these headphones while riding my bike no problem, I can take them off while running to wipe off the sweat and put them back on in a snap.  I can leave the hook hanging on my ear and not press the earbud in so I can still watch Netflix while listening for the doorbell because I'm expecting a package from amazon.The sound quality really isn't bad at all, in fact, I think it's pretty good considering these headphones are less than $10.  Aside from the Philips, Beats and Sony in-ear headphones, I also have a Sennheiser HD-280 and AKG 240 semi open headphones that I use when working at our local radio station.  Even then, I still tend to use these Philips earhook headphones most frequently in my free time because they're simple to put on and use, they're easy to transport (vs. over-the-ear headphones) and they're cheap so if I lose them for whatever reason, I can just buy another one for less than $10.I listen to music with these, watch movies, youtube videos, occasionally I'll indulge in some nerdy strategy game for an entire weekend with these headphones on, and I've never had a complaint about the sound quality for any of these purposes.My only complaints are that if your head gets really sweaty while exercising, sometimes one of the ear buds might get kinda saturated and then the sound from that earbud will be weird until you dry it out.  And this only happened with the ones that I used for running after a long period of use.  Also, the back of your ears might get a little sore after you've worn these for several hours straight.
With todays great technology, it is now possible to get decent sound from headphones without having to break the bank, but with so many good headphones on the market for 15 Bucks or less, you might want to stay away from these Philips Headphones, and just pay the extra 5bucks on some Sony's or Panasonics, which blow these out of the water. The Philips Major drawbacks in the sound in the high end range. They are really harsh and bright, and even though distortion is not a huge issue, the brightness of the high's will wind up hurting your eardrums. Can this be adjusted? Sure, a bit, Fiddle with you EQ, turn the midrange almost all the way down, and the maybe go -1 and +3 on your high end setting..and of course crank up the bass (which is the most impressive feature of these headphones, once you get rid of the harsh mid and high)..But..you are going to lose some SQ once you do this. Your music will seem to have holes in the mids, and of course in some of the high range..Mind you, I have tried these on my High End Creative MP3, and low end Sansa, and the harshness of high & mid is still an issue...Bottom line..OK, these are 10bucks and under..not bad price range, but if you can shell out an extra couple bucks for Panasonic (my favorite) and Sonys, its worth it..are those super high end..NO, but as I am sure most of you are buying these for running or working out, and no matter what brand you use, once you start sweating, clip over ear headphones will shift a bit (wont fall out of your ears) but shift enough that you lose a bit of sound, so paying top dollar for headphones that are going go get beat the hell up from your workouts and get wet, doesnt make much sense, plus if you are in the gym, you are going to try to drown out the gym noise & music anyway, so getting super high end headphones would be a waste, since  you wont get the full effect of them anyway....hope this helps some of you to make a choice, my advice, stay away unless you want these for a second set to carry in your gym bag or bike bag, whatever, in case you break a set when working out..
This is my 4th or 5th pair of these headphones in about as many years.  Yes, I've run through them (and several competitors), but I keep coming back to these Phillips ones for a few reasons.First, they are cheap!  I use my headphones in all weather outside, when working out, and sitting in the office.  I'm not nice to them either; they get stuffed in my bag with whatever else I cram in there, stored in small pockets, left in hot/cold cars, etc.  I'm lucky to have regular headphones last more than 8 months, and these last me 6-8 typically.  Inevitably, one of the rubber protectors around the earphone screen will fall off, then the screen falls off shortly after.  I'll wait another few weeks and then replace them, but I don't care because at $10-15, they are trivial to replace.Second, they are comfortable.  I've tried hard plastic over-the-ears (looking at you, Sony), ear buds, and other rubber over-the-ears, but these are the best for all-around use.  I can wear them for hours in the office without discomfort, but they stay in place easily when jogging.Third, pretty decent sound.  I'm not an audiophile, but I have done informal tests between these and my $300 Bose Noise Cancelers in quiet rooms.  Obviously the Bose are better, but these preserve all the elements of the sounds I care about.  I can rock out, listen to spoken-word podcasts, and relax to mellow mood music without noticing any missing sounds.If you're looking for everyday headphones for work and play, you could pay ten times more, but you won't get ten times the utility.  Will buy again.
I notice that almost all the 1-star reviews for the Philips earhook headphones note that they are not for people with small ears. So, if you have small ears, now you know.I tried out many different headphones before I found these. For me, they are near perfect, and therefore they are the only ones I use. I have probably gone through eight pairs of them since I first discovered them about a decade ago.On the other hand, my son tried them once and didn't like them. I gave him a pair of similar-looking Sony's that I had bought when the store was out of the Philips model. I didn't like the Sony's; he loved them. He didn't like the Philips; they are the ONLY headphones I like.So, why just 4 stars? Well, you may have noticed that I said I've gone through nearly a pair every year. That is because these headphones will INEVITABLY break, sooner rather than later. The irritating thing is that you know it is just some tiny (and overly fragile) wire somewhere inside it that has broken. If I could tear them apart and solder the little wire, the rest of the set is still perfect... But no, the whole thing has to be tossed, and I'm off to order a new set. (Or rather, two sets -- I buy two at a time, because I know they'll break.) Planned obsolescence? At less than $10 a set, I can only suppose that's the answer. But, other than wearing out far sooner than they should, these are great -- for me, that is, and I suppose for anyone whose ears are the same size as mine.
I wanted a pair of earbuds with the behind-the-ear hook on them because for some reason every set of earbuds I've ever tried always flops out of my ears after a few minutes on their own, or immediately if the cord gets tugged at all. Maybe because my ears are always a little oily on the inside and kind of shallow? I'm not sure why it happened, but I thought buying these would fix it.Sadly, this was not the case. I was expecting the earhook to be at least a little flexible, but it's almost like a really stiff rubber or plastic -- it doesn't bend at all. Also, the hook is too long or tall, because if I set the earbud part in my ears, the hook sits way above the shell of my ear and almost is big enough to slide out over it, and furthermore, the buds themselves are very big and oddly-angled so that they practically stabbed me in the ear. At least the Apple earbuds I have don't stab me! I don't have tiny ears, either -- they're about 2.5" from the tip of the lobe to the tallest part of the pinna.I can't comment on the sound quality or the durability, since I didn't even use them once -- they were too painful.I think I would need a set of earbuds that have very flexible, almost custom-moldable hooks, I think, for them to feel secure. I would not recommend to many people that you buy such a personal, fit-centric piece of electronics over the internet unless you have worn them before and know that they work for you!
I like these headphones better than any other pair that I have ever owned. In fact, I would like to say that I love these headphones, but I think the word, "love" might be a bit much. I would like to say, however, that I have owned multiple pair of headphones including the type that hang on the ear but all but this pair were awkward and inflexible.Usually the headphones that I bought in the past would work pretty good for a few weeks, then one side would fail and I would be left with hearing stereo sound in only one ear. This was not good. I would, again, order a new pair with similar results. Furthermore, most of the headphones that I purchased did not have good sound. These headphones, on the other hand, have surprisingly good stereo sound; clear and crisp sound.Plus, I have owned these headphones several months now and both sides still work and the sound is as high quality as ever. I appreciate other aspects as well. First, they fit comfortably in my ears and are not bulky like the previous pair that I have had to put away. Finally, and to me this is important, the hook part of the headphones are flexible, they are so that if you move suddenly they won't hurt your ears. These are by far the best pair that I have bought for a decent price and I am very happy with them.
By no means am I a sound connoisseur, so these seem pretty good to me. They are comfortable. They stay securely in place. They don't seem to drain the battery like some cheap ones I've used before, and they allow enough background noise to come in around them so I'm not cut-off from the world around me.Before you use them for the first time, I strongly recommend you push the little black rubbery ear gaskets that are around the mesh screen back, put a very tiny line of super glue all around the edge, and push them back into place. And for pity sake - let the glue dry well before you use them. Left on their own, the gaskets will fall off, and believe me - without them, the headphones are VERY uncomfortable. Check them often and re-glue as needed.Unlike many other cheap headphones, so far the wires inside the cord have never broken - both sides continue to work...right up until I inevitably lose one of the stupid rubber gaskets....and sometimes the mesh screen. Don't ask. I am a hard tester. If your product can survive me, your product can make it anywhere.Unless you're 8-feet tall, the cords are plenty long enough to keep your mp3 player in your pants pocket without jerking on the cord while jogging -or whatever.
I'm back, buying a second set, since I use these more often than any of my good quality cupped head-phones. I ride bike as my main mode of transportation and I listen primarily to instructional or meditative audio. I do have a large head and ears, so I can only have sympathy for those who find these too large for comfort and/or fit. As for the fact that they don't have padding, I was prepared for that before I received mine. I really don't like regular ear-buds, because they are not comfortable in my ears and it's also an unstable fit. I do use them occasionally, though, so I had to make sure that I could always replace the foam covers. I found this quantity deal on Amazon.com, 400/$10. You can buy for less, but the per unit cost goes up so much, and it's an item that just needs to be replaced quite often, that I think this quantity pack is the way to go. You'll have enough so that you'll wind up being a hero to all your friends, when you replace their foam for them. I like these ear-hooks and mine are quite comfy with my foam covers.http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0025KXUS2/ref=wms_ohs_product?ie=UTF8&psc;=1
I noticed several reviews regarding "big ears".  Allow me to clarify: the actual speaker bud that goes into your ear canal is larger than most ear buds.  The clips also seem to have an extended size to them.  I used these today for the first time and they fit amazingly well, but I did notice that they filled my entire ear and put pressure on the inside of the ear, which is what I wanted: larger earbuds.  I initially started looking for these type of clip over the ear headphones because regular earphones tend to fall out of my ear, these would probably stay in even without the hooks.  If you are a small person with small ears, these will probably be uncomfortable for you.The sound quality startled me - I had to turn my device lower than its normal volume because these were producing such powerful sound.  Clearly, they aren't as powerful as some big huge earmuff phones, but they were an upgrade from my previous workout headphones and (in my opinion) have sound quality at least as good as the iPod headphones that come with device.  But the volume is just amazing, everything comes in loud and clear.
First time I put these on I knew I was NOT gonna be happy.  I could never get them to fit snug over my small ears.  I went to the gym with them anyway hoping that they would be okay.  On the treadmill, they fall out because of the constant up/down movement when jogging.  Then after I starte to sweat a little, they REALLY would NOT stay on.  I think most of my time on the treadmill was spent trying to get these things to stay rather than focusing on my workout.  On to the stationary bike...  I think I finally go these headphones to barely hang on and they seemed okay on the bike.  Of course, there's not much head movement on a bike either.  I must say, though, that the sound quality was good - not great, but good.  Also, the cord is a little short.  I'm 5'2" tall so the short length works for me but for taller people it might just be an issue.  All in all, I'd say if you're looking to go cheap then buy these headphones. But if you need something to run, walk or jog in then perhaps get a different pair.
I use this pair of earphones about 40% of the time due to it's design that securely fits to my ears, but needs a little tweaking.  The first time I put this to my ears, it hurts after a while and the sound is at the higher frequency; the lower frequency (the bass) is almost missing.  I removed it from my ears, and left it running at a higher volume for most of the day to "break-it-in".  The next thing I did was to tilt the speaker a little at an angle facing upward to lessen the pressures to the opening of my ear-drum,...it worked that way.  Therefore, for those buyers who found these earphones NOT acceptable, do a little tweaking and break it in at first, and you might like these less expensive earphones enjoyable to listen to your favorite music.  And yes...the ear-hook, I found out, can be twisted and stay there at that position without dipping it to boiling water.  Just twist it a little farther than where you want it to stay put.
Sennheiser is a great company that manufactures headphones that even Santa Claus sometimes drops these off into chimneys during Christmas Eve. Note the word, "sometimes." While these headphones produce a favorable quality of music, the comfort level is low. After about 45~ minutes of usage, my ears began to hurt and I had to take it off to cool off my ears for a bit. Let me review the pros and cons of this set:PROs:-Cheap. You won't be able to find most headphones that can produce quality music at this price range ($30~).-Durable; when you hold it in your hands, it feels it can last quite a while. The build is strong, unlike Bose.-Quality; if you've been listening to your sub-$10 earphones or your Apple iPod earbuds, then this set of headphones will seem almost too good to be true.-Cord length. The cord length stretches around six+ feet.-Portable; you can hang it around your neck, stuff it (carefully) into your backpack/purse (i've never had purses, mind you), etc. Just have common sense not to place it in unfavorable places.-Hear outside noises; you can partially hear outside noises. This characteristic can be useful to you if you set a timer on stove and need to hear the alarm, if you have sleeping babies in the other room, or in case you hear thieves break into your house.CONs:-Quality; if you've owned above average headphones such as Bose or the more advanced Sennheiser, then this pair will sound absolute trash to you. You will immediately notice that these lack clear sounds and tend to "mix up" the sounds.-Comfort; as I mentioned, the comfort level can become frustrating after half an hour of continuous use. If you have medium-large ears, then look for something else. If you have small ears, get these at your will.-Barely any noise-isolation; if you wish to focus on the music, movie, or games without noises to interfere your experience, these will disappoint.Here are some alternatives (better alternatives, I say):*Panasonic RP-HTX7*JVC HA-S700If you can dish in some extra cash...*Audio-Technica ATH-M30*Beyerdynamic DT235
Just received these Sennheiser HD202 headphones from Amazon.com.  Sound quality is good, with a rich bass, slightly brittle treble, but pleasant mid-range (presence) for classical music.  Too soon to tell if there will be wearer fatigue or excess ambient noise in the closed headphones, but seems a good value for the price.  However, do not bother paying extra for the newer HD202MKII version -- Amazon ships the older version even if you pay the higher price ($26.88 vs $31.48), which I did. I saw this warning before in these reviews but did not heed it.  I assumed Amazon had corrected the problem by now.  Unfortunately the return postage will eat up the difference in price. Caveat emptor!
These cans provide good noise isolation and are perfect entry level headphones for club use, but the cable quality is terrible. The connections at the earcups tend to fray and break, even with intermediate usage. I went through three pairs before I realised that the problem wasn't me, but the quality of the connection. If you're a DJ just starting out, you're better off getting the HD212 Pro's (also by Sennheiser). They cost a little more, but the better build means that you won't have to replace them nearly as often
I ordered these headphones because I wanted a good pair of reliable sturdy and affordable headphones. As a college student, I cant really invest in 200-300 dollar headphones (although the quality is worth the price) but these headphones turned out to be a great alternative. First of all, they are Sennheisers. The difference from using regular apple ipod white headphones to these headphones is like comparing laptop speakers to full sound surround sound. The bass has great response although it could be better. I am writing this review on the basis of its low price. For ~$20 they deliver great quality. The mid tones are clear and crisp and the bass is rich. The bass could be better but again, these speakers do not have an independent power source. The audio cable jack is extremely long. I believe its about 15 feet. They come included with a cable reducer though, which sometimes is a hassle but not too much. The one and only complaint I have with them is that after ~45 minutes of use, your ears become hot. They are not uncomfortable but sometimes they can get too hot. They are quite comfortable though. There is padding on the upper side of the headphones and the construction of the headphones feel like 100 dollar headphones. For the price, the quality is amazing. I would recommend this product for someone who wants to have the headphone experience but not if you want professional sound. Great product
I bought this headset a couple weeks ago and I listen to a lot of high quality music but couldn't afford a better set of headphones at the time.The bass is very good and the sound quality seems quite crisp. However I found it very difficult to keep them on for longer then 5 minutes. It's not very flexible and my average sized ears felt cramped and constantly pressurized.I recommend you go safe and get some headphones that are quite big as these don't fit ears properly. My friends have tested it out and they've reported a similar feeling.Just my two cents. Sound is solid. Fit is not that great.
Please don't think about buying these if you want budget metal headphones. I've been using the HD 201 headphones for a number of years and figured the HD 202 IIs would be an upgrade. They are newer, slightly more expensive and have pretty excellent reviews.It's seriously a trap. The HD 202 IIs have some of the worst sound quality I've ever experienced in any headphones. I've been using various Sennheiser headphones for over 10 years and this is the first time where I've questioned their brand's quality.The bass on these headphones are cranked up to a point that's completely unreasonable. The highs honestly sound broken. They are extremely condensed and unnatural sounding. Mids are non-existent and are completely drowned out.Compared to the HD 201s the same song sounds completely different. There are many notes I can distinctly hear on the 201s that are not present with the HD 202 IIs.The ear cups are also extremely small and uncomfortable. I was able to feel my heart's pulse in my temple due to them squeezing my head so tight and my head isn't big at all. The HD 201s on the other hand fit perfect on day 1.This is about the 2nd or 3rd review I've ever left in my life. These headphones are so bad that I felt like I might be causing people to waste money on them if I didn't post a review because it's easy to assume these are good based on the reviews.
I've gone through several of these.  If you want to replace them every six months, they are great.  They do not last.  I've had the same issue with all of them.  One of the wires shorts out, and I have sound in one ear only.  I've bought 5 of them.  They are disposable phones.  Great sound, poor quality.
you want good sound at affordable price, this is it.  If u want comfort, look elsewhere.  It will hurt your ears no matter how u adjust.  I have another sennheiser with mic on it and that is far more comfortable this is not.  Good luck with your decision.  U will need to adjust sound settings from control panel to enhance sound - default sound just doesn't cut it for this brand.
1. Comfort - The fit is a little tighter than I expected, but overall it's not bad.  The ear pads do fit around my ears nicely, although after wearing them for an extended period of time (~3 hours), my ears can get slightly sore.2. Sound isolation - Really good.  Surprisingly good.  They almost seem like noise cancelling headphones.  This is probably a result of the tight fit.3. Sound quality - Sounds good to me.4. Misc - The cable is really long.  I don't know why Sennheiser does this with all their consumer headphones.  They do provide you with a plastic thing to wrap the cable in, but it's kind of bulky.5. Price - This is typically priced similarly or cheaper than the Sennheiser HD 201 headphones on Amazon.  I like these better than those (I owned a pair of them - they're fine, just a little loose feeling).Overall, this is probably about as good as this kind of headphone (small over-the-ear wired headphones) can get.Tangent - There's a lot of psuedo-science and wonky terminology going around sound descriptions from audiophile types.  Stuff like "warm", "tendency to mix-up sounds", "aggressive", "energetic", "richness". "thinness", "brightness".  These are all useless, ill-defined terms.  The thing that irks me about this is that the headphones job should be to deliver the soundwith a flat frequency response and a good SNR.  Neither of which should be particularly difficult to do.  But the whole industry is screwed up by people's preferences to modify the signal before it hits your ears.  Ex. Beats headphones are notorious for over-emphasizing bass.  But, building that into the headphone is just silly. Any signal modifications (which tend to give rise to those silly descriptions) means the headphones are simply worse.  Personal preferences towards particular frequency response (i.e. if you like a bass heavy sound) ought to be handled by the equalizer (most audio software & operating systems have a built in software equalizer these days).
I was watching videos on my Kindle Fire, and growing tired of the earbud type headphones.  They are great for exercising, and mowing the lawn, and other things where I am not wearing them for prolonged periods or want the lighter weight of them.  But after an episode or two of a 45 minute show, they would bother my ears.I wasn't looking to spend upwards of $200 on some fancy, Beats by Dre or other comparable model set of headphones.  I just wanted something I could use now and then that was padded, comfortable, and sounded good.  If I was listening to a ton of music I might want a better sound quality and be willing to spend the money, but for occasional use of watching TV/Movies as the main use, and listening to my iPod now and then, these are great.
I have been using these headphones for several months now, and i have to say they are possibly the best headphones I have ever purchased.Pros: Sound quality is amazing, blocks outside noise extremely well (excellent for airplanes), long cable, lightweight, leather cups, Pice (worth at least 100$), trusted nameCons: NONE!!
These HD 202 II's convinced me I need to just bite the bullet and but some decent headphones. These are not terrible and have decent range, but the bass response is anemic. But one shouldn't be surprised given the price point.Beyond that they are just plastic headphones. I have a large head (size 7.5) and these are somewhat tight. I've bent them and that helped, but know that the headpiece is solid. The ear cups do adjust but that doesn't address the circumference issue. I'm sure if you have a normal head these are fine.The cord that comes on these is really long - 10 feet. I think most people will find that beyond useful, but if you're looking for a long cord, these are your cans. UPDATE: This 10-foot cord is a real pain in the @ss if you use these on the move. Even tying up the excess length is annoying - and then what do you do with it?Next stop - Beats or Bose.
I recomend this headphones are great, have an awsome sound like the Bose QC 2 Noise Canceling the sound are very very similar I like the bass because it is not a bass as other headphones listening only good bass with these headphones is listen very well the treble and is not too bass that you feel rumbles brain, this sennheiser are not noise canceling but are very good isolating noise. I give 4 stars because this headphones are not very comfortable but I bought an replacement earpads for Bose QC 15 and I put them and now I have a comfortable headphones and have better isolating noise than before. I hope help.
These head phones are OK except that the sound is only fair and the durability is terrible.  The wires don't stand up to much in the way of tugging and there seems to be no way to fix them once they crap out.  It wouldn't be hard to make them durable, so I guess it is not a priority for them.
The pair I ordered (received about 2 wks ago) is actually a replacement pair I had gotten as hand me downs. I've got a few years experience with these headphones. Best headphones I've had for under $200. I went a few wks/months without headphones before I ordered these because when I do have them, I suffer from the tendency to choose my music over people on a fairly regular basis.People forget that sound, while headphones are important, also has a lot to do with file quality. Get good files and enjoy deep, satisfying sound with these. Poor quality files will still sound good, but the experience is beyond remarkable when the file is right.These headphones are large and solid enough to cover the typical and larger ear, cancel outside noises well enough (though probably not at a construction site or something) are sturdy and have convenient little extras like detachable earpieces and cord holder. The bass is better than you probably think from reading the range. The only thing I would change is the cord thickness/connections. I like headphones that have very difficult to damage cords. On a 1-10, these rank about 7 for cord sturdiness. I'm hard on most everything I own, and my original pair held up to a few years of my abuse (drops, pulls, living in backpacks and and under heavy things and they were used when I got them.I have found no headphones like this available below professional or super-expensive grade that are this awesome.
Pros:1) Very, very comfortable. This is important, because I like white noise at night and husband emphatically does not.2) The long cord is great for listening while moving around, without disturbing anyone else. It also has an in-line whachamacallit so the cord can be wound up and secured when a shorter cord is called for. (That way I don't trip or, worse, strangle myself... <g>)3) Sound quality is very good to excellent. Really excellent clarity - no need to turn the volume up for audiobooks.4) Works great for audiobooks on the Kindle. It comes with a larger adapter plug but I haven't needed that.5) I have a Sennheiser wireless headphone that I like, too, for use with the computer but this one is actually better for me for everything else - it never has to recharge.Con: It would be nice if they had their own volume control. Otherwise they are perfect.Edited to add:  The headphones just completely and unexpectedly fell apart one day. They worked well for a year and a half, with steady but gentle use. The price reflects the quality, I guess. I'm down-grading the rating from 5 to 3 stars, even though the price-to-value ratio is pretty good. I won't be re-ordering this item.
Love, love , LOVE these headphones! I have been looking all over for headphones that have the combination of great sound, affordability, and comfort that is usually associated with over-the-top headphones, like Bose, but I am not willing to pay up the arse for a product I know will be obsolete as soon as a newer model arrives. I have found a treasure! These headphones are not only affordable, but the sound quality is just mind blowing! I compared it to 2 other headphones I have, plus one of my sisters, and this blew all of them out of the water! Bass and tones are so clear and rich - I can't wait to travel with these and just block everything out. Also, this fits snuggly over my ear, and is so comfortable, after a while I forget that I have them on. The design keeps music in, and unwanted noise out. Sometimes I don't even listen to music - I just use them to shut out noise when I want to read in peace. What a bargain! Sennheiser hooked me!
For the price the sound quality is very sharp. I've been able to pick up little sounds and noises in my shows and music that I haven't noticed before. I'm not an audiophile so I can't go too far into how they differ compared to more expensive headphones, but for normal everyday use these are hard to beat for such a low price. The cord is very long but the included holder makes that a relative non-issue. The holder can be slightly cumbersome at times though. I don't mind, but something to be aware of. Oh, one last note about the holder, the ends are a bit too small/sharp. I used the file on a pair of finger nail clippers to smooth and enlarge all four pinch points on the holder. Not enough so the cord will just fall out completely, but enough that I don't have to worry about it shearing off the wire coating - which it started to do the first time I put the wire in.
Wow. These headphones are better than expected. These are my 10th time buying headphones because the last headphones I got were had either a weak sound, uncomfortable, only working on the left ear, breakable, or all of the above. But these.. These are great! They're comfortable and GREAT sound. Way better than Sony, Skull Candy, Panasonic, Dre's Beats, or Apple headphones. The volume is at full extent.. Which is a great advantage because lowering it down won't be a problem and shutting the world off and being in your own space with no noise overpowering your music will exist with these headphones !! Definitely a great purchase. And the bass is amazing !!!!
I use these headphones to listen to audiobooks, and music as I walk in the park near my home. The headphones, which are on the ear, are pretty comfortable. My ears feel somewhat pinched after I've worn them for an hour. They block out a little environmental noise. They have a strong base response, and can produce very loud sound from my Sansa Clip MP3 player. Compared to an old higher end set of earphones I have, an AKG 340, the HD 202 music doesn't sound quite as clear and crisp, and the vocals sound a little muddy, but still the HD 202 produces a pleasant musical experience for me. The cord winder has worked well.All in all a good value for about $20.
My previous headphones gave out, and I was besieged by the long list of replacement options. This set had good reviews, and many of them. So I gave it a try. They are very substantial, noise canceling, and come with a neat plastic component that allows you to wrap and secure any extra cord so it doesn't flop around and get caught. The cord is long....good thing. So many headphone sets have very short cords, which requires that I go hunting in my electronics box for an extension. If these die down the road, I would purchase them again. The price is extremely reasonable for the high quality.
Like my title says, the sound quality is fine, but the fit didn't work for me for two reasons.  First, the ear cups were too small, so after 30 minutes the back of my ears began to feel pinched.  And secondly the head band is non-adjustable except for moving the cups up and down, so after 30 minutes I felt my head start to get squeezed.  After watching tv for about 45 minutes I ended up with a mild headache.  I returned them, and purchased a pair of Panasonic RP-HTF600-S Stereo Headphones for five bucks less.  They were much more comfortable and sound quality is comparable.
Put these on, and then put a pair of $250 Beats on and you won't be able to tell the difference in sound quality.These are the best headphones you'll find all the way up to ~$120. Great sound quality and I've worn them for hours with little or no discomfort at all.Don't get conned into buying over priced headphones because they are well marketed. If you like quality sound and don't want to invest over a hundred dollars these are your headphones.
These drivers provide an excellent experience provided you are not listening to country.  If you are listening to country its likely you are not smart enough to use a computer and wouldn't benefit from my amazing reviews anyhow.  That said, $25 is a good price to drown out the outside world and drown yourself in bliss.  Cord is long enough to use to make a temporary shelter with a tarp in a survival situation.
Purchased these and they worked great for 1 year and then the cables near the earpieces started to loosen, break, and fray. Sent back for warranty and very shortly after received a new pair of the same headphones, those worked for a solid 2 years until coming down with the same problem as before. They were used around 3-4 hours per week for the 3 years.
I recently bought a guitar and a practice amp to play on.  Not wanting to be a jerk and force anyone else in the area to listen to my poor playing I picked up the HD 202 II's due to the respected name, the good reviews, and the outstanding price.Until now I have been using earbuds or sport-style headphones such as mySennheiser  MX85 Sport Series II Twist to Fit Earbuds.  So keep in mind my experience is not with high-end over-the-ear headphones - I am a regular guy and couldn't even try to keep up with an audiophile on knowledge.  That said I have to admit I am pretty impressed at the quality.  Even though I don't know much about audio I do know what I like and that usually twenty or so dollars is very cheap for a decent set of over-the-ear headphones.These badboys are pretty light, almost deceptively light.  I half-expected them to break removing them from their package.  Whatever they're made out of is pretty tough however as they don't feel cheap and flimsy in spite of their light weight.  The padding is ample without feeling too bulky, and they don't make my ears feel hot even after over an hour of constant use.  I haven't had a chance to plug them into the amp yet but I have been listening to them (even as I write this) to music and they sound great.  Pretty good noise isolation but keep in mind I work in an office, so they may nor may ot drown out a jackhammer fifty feet away.Their light weight plus the nice padding makes for comfortable wear, and they have sounded great across the multiple music genres I listen to.  Sound is very rich with strong bass and clear treble with no "bleeding" as distortion and tempo picks up.  I am sure there are much nicer sets out there but for a regular person who cannot or will not spend significant amounts of money on audio these are highly recommended.
Let me start by saying that these are some of my favorite headphones I've ever owned. I've owned a pair for casual listening and travel for several years and just recently purchased a pair as a gift.First things first, the sound quality. The drivers produce clarity and quality very comparable to cans 3-5 times their price. The bass is punchy enough without being overwhelming and highs are bright enough, especially or $20 phones.Comfort is a bit subjective obviously, but I can wear these things longer than any on-ear set I've ever used. I have quite a big head, but never have I felt like I'm being squeezed to hard or rubbing my ears wrong with these. I think this has a lot to do with the way the phones actually pivot on the headband.The cable is incredibly, possibly annoyingly long at a honestly ridiculous 10 feet. It does come with a competent cable winder, but it really is perplexing as to why they put it on there. Its also worth noting that with the Y style cable, one going directly to each phone, it is possible to break the cups away from the band which is perfect for travel.All in all, these are really great headphones and a value juggernaut as far as I'm concerned.
Though a break in was required, the Sennheiser HD 202 sound is impressive for the price. I have owned my pair for a little over a year.The bass is not very punchy, but is pretty well defined. The mids and highs do not hurt your ears. They come out sounding fairly warm, and none of the voices or instruments sound muddy. From the various pairs of headphones I own ranging from $20-$500. I can say this is my favorite pair to use when in public. They do not attract unwanted attention, and they can easily be replaced if stolen, lost, or broken.For comparison to similar headphones in the $20 range, I own the Sennheiser HD 205 and Behringer HPX2000. The 205's sound close to the 202's, but fall short of the 202's bass response. They do feel better constructed and look a bit more stylish, but I would still buy the 202's over the 205's because of the sound quality. The Behringer's are pretty comfortable headphones, but do not have any bass whatsoever.On a side note, I want to disclose that my music player is either an Ipod Touch 4Gen on EQ Rock or Hip Hop. When played on my cellular phone, it is a Nokia Music Express capable phone with custom EQ settings. I hope this helps the readers a bit more.
For the price, I think they're great.  The sound is pretty clear, not muddled, and the high end is high enough and quite crisp (again, relative to the price point).  If you're looking for big bass, however, look to something larger.  They pass the Nine Inch Nails test and the Itzhak Perlman test, but not the 2pac test.  The sound was not as clean as my old pair which was basically an open-ear version of these.  But I needed a closed-ear/sealed pair for my office so I could play music loudly without disturbing my coworkers.  In this respect, they are great.  I seem to be able to play my music as loud as I want - loud, Nine Inch Nails sort of things - and my coworkers say they can't here it at all.  They aren't sealed enough to cut out noise from my end, i.e. I can hear people talking fairly clearly if they are on and my music isn't cranked up.  As for comfort, I find them to be a little tight, and they aren't big enough to fit around my entire ear so there is pressure on the ear, not just the head.  At first I was somewhat unhappy, but I adjusted (or perhaps they loosened up a bit).  I can't wear them for more than a couple hours at a time, for this reason.
I bought this from amazon, the sound quality is very good and for this price $20 you never get this quality from other headphones and noise-cancelling works for me, I was really enjoyed listening music and movies with high bass and minor drums sounds(inner)in the movies also good.Lot of people complained about this like, 'hard to wear long time' in the head and but this is something we have to figure out how to adjust because for this price you have to look the quality, for long time wearing i just need adjust and 30 mins once i removed and took a rest for 2 mins and it was worked for me in case of comfort.also, the longest card helpful when laying in the sofa and peacefully listening the movies in the lcd tvthis quality is good since i had used surround headphones from other brands, compare to that this is good.also, amazon shipping speed is very good and good traceable and short period of time it reached me.
I get these at the same time as a HD 201 because I can't decided which one will fit more my needs since both have great specifications for the price.After I get these and try them, these are more appropriate for my girlfriend since she has an smaller head than I am, the sound quality is great, the ear cup is great, the ear fits really good inside of them and isolates the external sound just by that great quality ear cup.These are my first Sennheiser headphones but for sure will not be the last, their quality and fidelity is beyond anything I have used before so I love now this brand.I can't believe a headphones with such amazing quality for less than USD$30.if you are in budget these are a great option, if you have a big head as I am, then pick the HD201 who has almost the same quality features but with a different form that will help to improve how comfortable they are.
These headphones are AWESOME!  I have had them, (yes same pair), for over 10 years and no cord shortage yet!  I have traveled with these headphones, thrown them in my work bag daily, worked out with them, (watch the long cord though on the machines!),  and turned them every which way but loose and they are STILL going strong!  Not only is the durability amazing but the sound is beyond high quality in comparasion to the more expensive headphones such as BEATs, etc.  My nephew, (teenager), borrowed my headphones on a long roadtrip.  He did not want to return them once we got to our destination.  I asked him what happened to his sworn testimony regarding BEATS?  LOL  At any rate don't look at the cost and think they are not worth much, price should be higher in my opinion.  I would utilize these in the studio also, (coming from a former rapper).  High quality, just can't say enough about them!
After much deliberation between the 201 and the 202's, I could not decide and bought them both. They are very different that I can tell you. The 202's fit tighter and are much louder. I could just rope with the cord, I do not like that it has to be so long. The 201's are much clear and are much better quality I believe. Three of us in my house tested out both and all of us had the same opinion.I figure for 20 bucks each, what is there to complain about. In the end, I am keeping the 202's for my Ipad, and the 201's are on their way to a soldier in Texas who needs them for school.so the end result is:If you want louder get the 202If you want clear sounds, the 201's are the best bet for the money.
These are honestly the best wired headphones you can get for the price. I recently bought some Audio Technica M50X's that retail for $200 and, while these Sennheisers are certainly not better than those, the difference isn't big enough to warrant the added cost. I've been using this exact model for years now (originally purchased in 2006) and they are far and away the best cheap headphones you can buy. They have a very rich sound and a really long cable-- and if you prefer a shorter cable, they include a spool to wrap it up with. I wouldn't recommend these for heavy portable use, but if you want a cheap-ish pair of headphones with great sound to leave at your home or office, you can't go wrong with these.
These are great! Sound is clear and not muddy or tinny. The long cord is a huge plus and the larger adapter is always great to have access to. I do not see myself using the cord keeper belt clip that came with it, but if you're into that sort of thing, it seems sturdy and well-made.I did receive these with one earpad (just the soft part and the screen) separated from the actual speaker and it was a real beast to reattach- there's no slit in the plastic of the speaker to allow you to "twist" the earpad back on like in other models, so I had to use a method I can only call "stretch and stab." Not looking forward to the earpad ever coming off again. Still worth the buy though.
While I didn't expect anything amazing at the price, I expected a lot more from Sennheiser.They actually sound pretty good, when you can get the sound to come through them. On about the fifth or sixth use, the jack started shorting out. Every time I use them, I have to make sure it's set "just right" or the sound doesn't come through. But when it does come, it's got a good balance with enough bass.The headphones are uncomfortable and have a very cheap feel. They squeeze on my head a lot, no matter how I adjust them.  Maybe they'd "break in" and stretch a bit with use, but getting them to work is frustrating.
Writing a review of these as I am actually looking them up to purchase another pair of headphones!  I work in broadcasting and after years of spending $100 + on Sony's that would have an earphone go out after a year, I decided to put down $30 or so on these and 6 years later they held up.  Only reason I am buying a new one is because the wiring to the adapter/plug in thing is loose and so I have to hold it in a specific position to hear out of both ears (and thats probably more because of how much I threw the headphones around over the years.Highly recommend, great sound for such an affordable price
Extremely high quality headphones that truly has the most bang for the buck.. literally.I've had these guys for nearly a year now, and that in itself is amazing because I go through headphones about every 3 months as I tend to step on them or accidentally sit on them, which is why I never buy them for more than $20 a pop. These guys when stepped on simply pop out of the headband, and then you just simply pop them back in. It's as if they never were stepped on in the first place.Lookwise they are very sleek and pro like, and are comfy to wear for extended hours. Can't go wrong!
For 30.00 or whatever they cost, you cannot get better.these headphones have excellenct bass response, a solid midrange, and clear but not tinny highs.The ear cuffs fit my ears well, I don't have very big ears, though. If you have wings for ears, these may be a bit small.The adustability of the headstrap offers great comfort, and the build quality is robust.The cord is very long, but they come with a cord spool which works great at keeping things tidy.Definitely recommend for anyone looking for a replaceable set of work or travel headphones.
I tend to break my headphones fairly quickly after purchasing them.  This pair last me more than one year; one ear is starting to not work intermittently just now, over a year later.  They are not especially comfortable at first, but I got used to them relatively quickly and they don't bother me at all anymore.  The sound quality is great for how cheap these headphones are.  I had to repair one wire with electrical tape, but, once again, I think I am exceptionally rough on headphones, so that wasn't a big problem for me.  Better that than having to buy a whole new pair.
Been wearing some ear buds for weeks now, and they never feel good in my ears; never have liked them. Since I arrived here at this new company, people all have nice headphones. I found these, and they were priced right, bought them, and can truly say - Sennheiser HD 202 II rocks. I listen to an eclectic variety of music, from Slayer to Carrie Underwood to Shinedown to Texas Hippie Coalition and I can say that all sounds fantastic on these. Much better than annoying ear buds.If you are looking for decent headphones for a low price, look no further.
1) The price of these headphones is for their sturdy build, but the sound is not clear and sharp. I'd rather go for high sound quality and low build quality.2) These headphones are kind of heavy. Buy a lower weight one for longer hearing.3) I admit I have only listened to Sony and Bose other than these, and they had their own problems.The headphones are sturdy, and they last long, but after using them for over a year, I feel like I'm stuck with them now. I should've gone for a higher priced lighter weight model.
The headphones are exactly as expected. High quality for a cheap price. But at the same time these are $20 headphones, so do not go into this purchase expecting the sound quality of a $200 pair. If an option, make sure you tell change your settings so your computer knows they are stereo headphones, made a world of difference for me.I cannot speak of the durability of the product as I have only had it for a week, but it feels robust and sturdy.  I also don't intend on throwing them around the house..
I bought these, and I also bought a pair of more expensive Klipsch, at the same time.  I let these be out on the computer for the kids to use so we don't have to hear their stuff out loud, because of the price point.  My husband, mr. techie, likes the Klipsch better, but I don't.  I think these are way better.  I think their sound is better and I am totally impressed for the price.  They are more comfortable too.  I think if you don't want to spend a fortune on headphones, these are an excellent choice.
If you want something to replace the original earphones that comes with your Apple Ipod . This is it. yes Apple Ipod Original earphones sounds good already , but compare them with these and you wont be dissapointed with the difference in audio quality. Yes it is a headphone not an earphone . But when I am at home, I rather use these. Incredible and not pricy.  Check out other dissapointing earphones that I tried by clicking "See all my reviews" so you won't make the same mistake that I did.
Got it for my 9 year old who is connected to his iPad 24/7.  He uses the headphones all the time to save the rest of the family from being bothered by whatever sounds his iPad generates.  Right away he wanted to give the headphones a 5-star rating because they were so much better than other ones he had before.  I urged him to wait and see how durable they were.  It's been a couple of months now of constant use and the headphones are still intact and working well.  Very happy with this product.
I bought these headphones to wear at work since the ones I'd been using had the habit of falling off at random times.  I was pretty much instantly in love with these.  They're comfortable to wear, the sound is great, and since the cable is so long I can plug it into my laptop and go anywhere in my cubicle without taking my headphones off.  Okay yes, I do tend to roll over the cable at times but that's such a minor issue that I'm not going to take a star off for it.  I fully recommend these.
What can I say, I should have spent more. These aren't even close to what I expected from Sennheiser.The worst: TONS of fake bass sound and completely muffled. There are no highs or mids at all. These things sound horrible!The cons: 100% plastic, no replaceable ear pads and no replaceable cord like most Sennheiser products.The pro: They're cheap ans they're comfortable.I will be sending these back. I cannot stand listening to them.
Some of the best headphones I ever bought. The sound is so much better than any stock earphones or inner ear phones I have owned in the past.Very comfortable as long as you use it for it intended purpose. I bought these thinking I could work out in them. Bad, bad idea.Cord is way to long. Got it caught on everything this is definitely in-door use only. But I got these at the time for under $25 and I felt like they were easily worth $40 if not more.
Pretty good quality for the price, not really an audiophile or anything but it beat the hell out of my laptop speakers. Uncomfortable to wear for more than an hour, but my ears might just be too big.Also, one review has mentioned issues with the one side not playing sound after a while, just happened to me. I've gotten good use out of them for three years though (unfortunately out of warranty).Would still recommend, might just buy these again.
I've seen many good reviews that go into great detail about the positives and negatives of this headset.  I'll just weigh in with a quick review - despite any shortcomings, these phones are a STEAL at the price.  I've paid 2x as much in the past for phones that were total crap.  Any shortcomings they have will cost you multiple x in purchase price to attain, so for the not-rich like me who just love good sound and decent comfort, I can't recommend these higher.
I've been a Sennheiser fan for decades and have owned at least 7 different Sennheiser models, over that time.  Every one has been fine, and my high-end headphones (HD-600) are perfect, as far as I'm concerned.  So with that in mind, I can't believe that the company has produced such an awful product as the HD-202 model.  Everything sounds like it's covered in mud.  The "enhanced" bass is truly awful.  I knew I wasn't going to be getting quality headphones for $20, but I didn't expect anything as terrible as this, especially from Sennheiser, a company I've recommended to friends and family since the 1960s.  A real disappointment.
Instead of speakers on my computer -- and I only wear them when I want to listen. All the whooping and beeping goes on in the far distance, and isn't distracting for others in my vicinity. Comfortable to wear for long periods, and with surprisingly good bass response -- I hear parts in music that I've never heard before. Sometimes I just put them on when I want not to be bothered, and for this they are much better than those nasty little ear-warts.
Replacing an old set, theseSennheiser's are leagues above anything else on the market for the same price. The drivers work equally well on V/O's as they do with music; the comfort level is surprisingly good and the one quality that sets them apart: the enormously long cord. This enables the full traverse of the sound board as well as the freedom to turn around and reach for something, without the headset being squewed partially from my head.
After about 3-4 years, I broke my last ones after daily use and had to buy another. THESE ARE GREAT! I block out my rowdy/annoying coworkers, my rowdy/annoying family members, and enjoy the sweet beats of my favorite music anytime I want.While they won't block out EVERYTHING, people still have to poke me when they want my attention.Great value!Btw, I have little ears and these fit me without a problem.
UPDATE!! I BOUGHT THESE HEADPHONES MARCH 14TH 2012. Yes 2012. And still working perfectly. Great sound. Descent bass. And the price, you just cant beat it. Sennheiser has a great product here. The ear pad just came off due to my kiddo biting it off like a pirahna. Nothing super glue cant fix. Again great product.Ohh the only con. Is the cord length, its really long. Just buy it you'll love it. Thanks amazon and sennheiser.
SO UNCOMFORTABLE!!!I'm not an audio nut, but I read all the comments for these headphones and others and watched a dozen or so reviews on YouTube for headphones.  After my research, I bought these.  Boy am I sorry I did.  They are so uncomfortable on your head.  The earcaps are fine, but the headband is so tight my head hurt after only two hours of wear.Don't buy if you value comfort!
Pros:Inexpensive.  I think better sound quality with more bass than Phillips SHP2600.Cons:Earcups are too small, they press up against the edges of your ear.  I also have the Phillips SHP2600 and they are more comfortable since they have much larger earcups that fit all the way around your ears.  It is not obvious from the product pictures that the HD202 earcups are smaller
Decent headphones, does the job, although they aren't big enough for my ears. I have been using these headphones with no issues, they're perfect if you starting music production and need a really decent sound. I wouldn't consider buying a more expensive set unless you know what you're doing. I just really wish they fit around my ears instead of sitting on my ears, they're a pain.
Not what I expected, I thought I was going to be amazed by the sound. Based on the reviews, these are the best headphones for its price but I wasnt really impressed. By the way, I also bought an amp, the beyerdynamic A200p, no improvement. Overall, ok sound with and without amp.
Quite an amazing pair of headphones. Always considered myself picky when it came to headphones and the HD 650 do not disappoint. It is important to note however, that you need a decent amplifier in order to get the most out of these. Without one, you simply won't get to taste what these headphones can really do.
These headphones are incredible. I bought 4 different pairs of headphones before falling in love with these. I wanted to move away from the Mic/Headphone combo I had been using for many years. I had a pair of Astro A40's which I was very pleased with. My setup has headed in a professional direction though and I wanted to split the mic out to an XLR Cardiod Condenser which I did. The headphone search began. These have such a large sound stage and such great overall sound I fell in love immediately. These are the first pair of headphones where I can truly say I began hearing sounds in some of my songs I never heard before. I try to listen to 320kbps versions of my favorite music, these cans take advantage of the quality.
The Sennheiser HD 650 headphones are a more recent version of the HD 600.  Compared to the HD 600 they have less efficiency, the headband is less comfortable, and their spectral balance is not as good.  If there is an improvement in driver transparency it is not easily perceived.  Overall, they have the same excessive driver coloration as the HD 600.  Driver coloration is sound that is generated in addition to the sound of the recorded music.  It changes tone and masks detail.  This driver coloration is also present in the HD 700 and HD 800 models.  When auditioned with a Beyerdynamic 880/990 (600ohm), this coloration is strikingly absent in those Beyerdynamic models.While the HD 650 strives to be a mellower version of the HD 600, I don't envision the HD 600 enthusiast automatically finding this updated version more pleasing.Aug 13/15 update ... further explanation on coloration:Coloration can be equated to the ever present tone in one's voice in addition to the intonation necessary for communication.  Let's say one wants to choose a diaphragm for a driver (speaker) and the choice is between aluminum and steel.  If one chooses aluminum the driver will sound good because of aluminum's quiet/non-resonant nature.  If one chooses steel the driver will sound awful because of steel's noisy/resonant nature.  The diaphragm material of a driver determines the loudness and sound "signature" of a driver's coloration.  If one taps a driver's diaphragm with the back of one's finger nail the sound one will hear will approximate the coloration of that driver.  Frequency response aberrations and imbalances are just that - not coloration.  Speaker manufacturers have never quantified driver coloration as a specification and published it.  A specification for coloration distortion for the HD 650 would be somewhere around 10%.  No one wants to see that.  A 0.05% harmonic distortion spec. looks much better.  But, it is a ruse.  It does not indicate how well these headphones sound.I've read comments by other HD 650 reviewers like "subtle sounds lost", "muddy, indistinct".  This is how the HD 650's sound to someone who has adapted to high transparency/low coloration headphones.  In addition to excessive coloration the HD 650's sound compressed or undynamic triggering comments like "seemed like I had noise dampening earplugs in", "very thick sounding".Below is my summary as to why the HD 650 is so appealing:  a)  They have superb comfort.  b)  They have a smooth frequency response and a compressed sound which is easy on the ears.  c)  Their overall sound character is nostalgic and one that people are used to ... but nicer.The HD 650 is not for those who like high definition sound.
This is a short review for the Sennheiser HD 650 Headphones.I had never purchased an expensive quality pair of headphones such as these previously, but this purchase is definitely one that I'd make again.Pros:~Comfortable~Light Weight (It barely feels like you're wearing anything)~Incredible Sounding(I purchased a FiiO e10K USB DAC and Headphone Amplifier to use with these headphones and the audio quality (Coming from a pair of V-Moda Crossfade LP2's) is simply amazing. I'm by no means an audio expert, but I definitely heard differences in quality and clarity compared to any other music I've ever heard.)~Great Packaging (Came inside a box inside a box with high quality foam all around)~Long cable, tough, free 1/4in. adapter.Cons:~Noise leakage, this is to be expected with open headphones, so it's less of a con for this set and more of a general conConclusion:This was a purchase I had to think through quite a bit before making, as the price I paid ($299 on sale) for me was still quite a bit for a pair of headphones. Looking back at it, it might be one of the best purchases I've made. I use these headphones daily, even while writing this review and I absolutely love them months after purchasing just as much as I did the first day.
Sennheiser HD 650. My first pair of this brand heaphones, i am so amazed at the sound and clarity they produce. Perfect highs and lows, not fake sounding as some headphones do, Bass is more real sounding, not booming, the highs are crisp almost like right there with music. Even tried these with Movies and is also awesome, brings you right into the movie, hear every little detail and sound. Very happy with them, great purchase, highly recommend them for Music, movies and even games. This may sound cliche, however you ABSOLUTELY do not feel these on your head...no kidding, it's a little scary how transparent they feel.
Very nice headphones- they made my music in my home studio sound warm and wonderful , but that didn't transfer to the " real " world of other speakers. They " colored" the sound. To me they were not good monitoring headphones and drew too much power from my Apogee preamp. But I have heard great things about them from a lot of pros. I'm going to try the Focul Spirit pro next. Suppose to be very transparent for monitoring music.
I really am satisfied with my purchase of the Sennheiser HD 650 Headphones. What I like is they don't sound like they add or take away from the music. I like to have as little acoustical processing between the musicians and my ears. The equipment is not what I listen to. It is the music. These headphones do that. I have had numerous Hi-end headphones and these are easily my favorite for what they don't do add or subtract from the music. Highly recommend these headphones if what matters to you is the music and not the equipment..
Im not an audiophile. I just love good music and good sound. Over the past few years ive listened to quite a few well known mid fi headphones, and these are probably my favorites after the he-500s. There's just something about the tonality of the hd 650. It really is a beautiful sounding can. They sound very very similar to the hd 600, but are just a bit warmer and more musical. Im using a schiit lyr amp and hrt music streamer 2+ dac. This headphone is legendary for good reason!
Blown away by the entire experience.  Honestly, for how cheap these are, you cannot beat them.  I love Sennheiser cans, but Im not deluded to think they're the only good sounding cans on the market.  But, truthfully, at the current amazon price of 299, you'd be hard pressed to find a better deal on quality audio.The phones by themselves, purely amplied without eq tuning, to my ears, sound pretty flat.  There is bass, but its not booming.  There is solid mids, and the highs are high, but not so piercing as to be a true analytical phone.tweak the eq a bit, and you can basically turn these into whatever you want.  You can vaccum clean your ears if you want, or shatter your eardrums with symbols.  Whichever you prefer.I use the cans for everything.  From listening to music, to playing games, to watching movies.  They are excellent in game, trully excellent positional audio without any dolby headphone help or anything.  And music is just a treat.  You really do hear things you havent heard before.This isnt my first quality pair of cans, but its my first truly high end pair.  money well spent.Word to the wise- you need to amplify these to get the best experience.
Pros: The low distortion and very flat frequency response of these headphones allows them to reveal every small detail of a recording. They are sensitive, and relatively easy to drive, even though they are high-impedance headphones. Because of the high impedance, they require a higher voltage-swing than lower impedance headphones (not more power, just voltage).  Unlike the often stated "they require 50 or 100 or even 300 hours of use to sound good", I found little or no change after much use. If anything, the bass  was better controlled and less "boomy" right out of the box. If you have a headphone output with limited voltage swing, obviously a headphone amplifier will be necessary to produce enough volume.  However, In my experience, the headphone outputs on most "professional-level" audio gear can drive the HD650s perfectly well.  I've used them with Apogee Ensemble and Symphony headphone jacks, and with Sound Devices 788, and USBPre2 headphone outputs with no problems.  On the other hand, an iPod just won't provide enough voltage for these headphones.  They work well with any audio source that can provide a signal of about +6 dBV with a low (less than 20 ohm) source impedance. If your device can't provide that voltage, even an inexpensive headphone amp like a Schitt Magni-2 will provide more than enough voltage and audio quality for these headphones.  You can use them with a more expensive "audiophile" headphone amp, but that is unlikely to really improve the overall sound if you are looking for "accuracy" in reproduction.  If you want to add enharmonic distortion and prefer that type of sound, then a nice tube-based amp will provide that sort of modification (distortion).The provided "Y' cable is fairly long, and is terminated in a 1/4 inch headphone plug instead of the much more common 3.5 mm plug.  This is a big plus, since the 3.5 mm "portable audio device" plug is generally much less reliable compared to a real 1/4-inch connection.  Sennheiser does supply a short adapter cable for those who use these phones with a portable device (3.5 mm jack).Cons: The construction is pretty basic and not very "professional" appearing. The lower surface of the headband has exposed foam that does not appear to be very sturdy. The headphone mounting frames are plastic, and look and feel pretty fragile.  I've had no problems with the ear-pad foam deteriorating, but apparently that does happen after several years use.The cable ends that connect to each headphone are cheap molded plastic and can't be repaired if damaged. Other manufacturers have come up with better end connectors for headphones with detachable cables.  It's time Sennheiser did the same.I own headphones that cost half as much as these which have less exposed plastic and have leather covering the foam padding on the headband. Of course, they don't sound quite as good as the HD-650s.  The sad thing is that there is no reason that better mechanical construction could not be applied to these headphones.  It would not detract from the high quality sound provided by the drivers.  If phones that cost half as much as these can be manufactured with much better mechanical construction materials, why can't the HD650s?The value in these headphones is obviously the high audio quality. Mechanically, they are poor.  The painted headband is known to "flake" after much use.  The construction does not inspire confidence. They appear to be fragile, and although I use them in professional audio recording situations, I'm  very careful handling these headphones. Hopefully, they will prove to be more reliable then they appear. Finally, they are supplied in a cheap, foam-filled cardboard box.  Not even a plastic pouch is provided to protect the headphones when being transported. At this price point, a hard-case of some kind should be provided.
These are great headphones. They provide a forgiving and luxurious sound (not to be mistaken with being "vieled") to my ears and  scale better with higher end equipment. HOWEVER...I had an extremely hard time telling any difference between the ODAC  combo and my standard MacBook Pro output. I also have a schiit vali and an asgard and I still couldn't tell much of a difference except an increase in bass on the asgard and bit more dynamic "punch". But is it enough to justify my 1,000 dollars worth of gear? The hd 650 is only 30-40 percent better on a decent rig than straight off the computer. You decide if its worth an extra 500$.If you want to waist more money on bulls*** then you can waist an extra 600-700 dollars( like I did) on amplification and source.
I heard so much about this headphone over the years but never tried it. Since the last price drop I thought - let me find out what this is all about. Man, do I wish I had done that earlier - even for a higher price. I do have some nice headphones, like the Hifiman HE-400, Audeze LCD-2, Beyerdynamic T90 and the proper amps to drive them well. The HD650 is the overall chamfer everyday listening. Detailed, punchy, beautiful rendition of vocals male and female, and yet fatigue free. It could very well be the endgame headphone for many many people.They are relatively easy to drive but the better the amp the better this headphone will sound. You can drive it amazingly well with a Cayin C5 portable amp. A beautiful and musical experience. You will love it.
Gaming head sets are a hype. Spend the money on a good amp n headset and hear the difference. Totally different experience from triton, turtle beach and Logitech.......my audioengine d1 dac with matrix m-amp work amazing with this headset, I do require the gain boost setting on the amp though. These headphones are no joke, they do require a good amp and I personally feel the matrix m stage barely fullfills the power requirements for these hd650s. I've started down a road of collecting different headsets. So far i have 2, hd650s and jvc livebeat imported from Japan. Looking at akg next and a higher grade amp and dac. Really once you go down this road theirs no turning back.
Absolutely love them.  Coming from my Beyer DT 880 600ohm, using a Schitt Lyr tube amp and the modi dac.Both the Beyer and these sound amazing, I can't say which I like more as each are simply 'different'.  For now, I am using the Senn's over my 880s but that may just be new toy syndrome.Either way you go, for music, movies or games both pairs of cans are extremely comfortable for long listening sessions but you will need a good DAC/Amp to really appreciate either.
These aren't for everyone.  You'll find a million reviews for these headphones all over the internet but overall, my experience with them was that they did sound amazing.  Very forward mids and the detail is unbelievably out of this world.  With that being said though, they just aren't a very "fun" headphone, which is what I'm looking for.  The bass is definitely present, but it's definitely not that earth shattering rumble that I'm looking for.  I knew this going into things, but I thought from what I had read that it would be enough for me (is it ever enough?).I wanted these to be my all around headphone, 50% for gaming and 50% for music listening.  For gaming, I used a mod mic with it and it worked great as far as that goes.  Also, with Battlefield 4, the "positional audio" (identifying enemy footsteps, gun shots, vehicles, etc) in simple Stereo mode was phenomenal as well (as most open headphones are) so they will do gaming very well.
Outstanding sound stage ,a little expensive but you get what you pay for . I am using them with my Asus G750JHA unit and a Headroom Micro Amp and Micro DAC and the sound is just amazing . If you have a bad compression of your music files it will show with these as they are very revealing in the music . They seem to sound better as they burn in and I would recommend a upgrade of the cords it makes a big difference as I did . For the money hard to do much better unless you want to spend twice as much or more. I would say buy these .
Awesome.  These cans make my old Sony headphones sound tin-like.  They are so much superior to my Bose headphones.  I'm glad I made the investment.  They do fit VERY tightly, but they're surprising still comfortable.  I also purchased the Fiio E17K ALPEN 2 USB DAC Headphone Amplifier in order to get everything out of the headphones that I could--I'm very, very happy with the combination.  By the way, FYI, the amp made no difference with my other headphones.
(Hi there. I'm from over in the UK but thought some of you may find my review helpful. Please excuse the UK prices!)I had the opportunity to compare a pair of Sennheiser HD650s with a pair of Philips Fidelio L1s at a friend's house recently. The source was a Nottingham Analogue Spacedeck turntable fitted with a Rega RB250 tonearm and a Nottingham Analogue cartridge. (This is a superb turntable and sounds wonderful!). The amplification was a World Designs HD3S valve headphone amplifier worth about 500. To cut a long story short, after extensive listening over several hours with a variety of material, I much preferred the sound of the Fidelio L1s as I found them far more enjoyable and engaging. I understand that both sets of headphones are in absolute terms regarded as coloured. The HD650 is of course known for its fuller bass when compared to the HD600, which many feel is the better headphone. However one feels about such coloration of the sound, the most important aspect for me is whether what I'm hearing gives me pleasure and fuels my desire to spend long periods of time listening to music. The Fidelio L1s do this in aces. BTW, both sets of headphones have had many months of use.With regard to the HD650's build quality, I thought it was good but it's not in the same league as the L1s which are incredibly well made and use high quality materials. I also noticed that the paint on the HD650 had started to craze along the lower edge of the headband. Not particularly impressive in a pair of headphones that were until recently approximately 350. They were, however, very comfortable to wear and felt lighter and less apparent on the head than the Fidelio L1s, which I also consider to be very comfortable. The ear openings on the HD650s are also nice and wide and should suit the larger-eared amongst you.In conclusion, I felt that whilst the sound from the Sennheiser HD650 was certainly of a high quality, it didn't really satisfy me anything like as much as that from the Philips Fidelio L1s, which I consider to be excellent. I strongly suspect that this is because the Fidelio L1s are more coloured than the HD650s and I prefer this colouration. This verdict brought home to me the importance of making your own judgements when testing audio gear as perceived sound quality is a very personal matter. I also believe the current price of approximately 250 is about right for the HD650s. They are simply not worth the previous price of 350 in my opinion.I would certainly recommend trying the HD650 as they are very highly regarded by many people and may tick all the boxes for you. They just weren't right for me. Some other headphones I have spent considerable time assessing recently that also didn't quite float my boat for one reason or another include: Beyerdynamic DT880 Premium (250 Ohm), Audio Technica ATH-M50x, Philips Fidelio X1 and Philips Fidelio L2. It has to be said though that if it wasn't for the Fidelio X1's itchy earpads they'd have been my first choice. They are fabulous sounding headphones.NOTE: The Fidelio X1 has now been replaced by the Fidelio X2 which are making significant waves in the headphone world. (Check out innerfidelity.com for a great, in-depth headphone review of the Fidelio X2.)So, given that I was unable to settle on the Fidelio X1s, the next best choice for me were the Fidelio L1s. I've got them on now and they sound divine. My friend loves his HD650s too. Luckily there are many very good headphones to be had for under 250 so I suggest doing some serious listening to several pairs before parting with your hard-earned cash.Good luck!
Perfect Head Phone for those who love and value great sound in their musical experience.I love them!They are extremely well made and durable very comfortable for long lasting wear with out causing congestive overwhelming feelings. You will be very pleased with the amazing sound quality you will hear every thing in well balanced in even tone as for nothing triumphs anything out.All I can say is they are perfect for music lovers who enjoy the whole musical experience with excellent sound qualityOthers will be able to hear some sounds maybe even tell you what you are listening too, but I find that it does not bother me as no one has said can you turn that down.
My review compares the HD650 against my Sennheiser HD598 headphones, which I've owned for something over two years. My 598's still work and sound great, but I wanted to know what the next series up could offer.The 650's have excellent highs - they offer a lot more (surprisingly more) detail than the 598's without ever sounding harsh. The mids provide at least as much detail as the 598's. The 650's bass provide a nice tight thump and is layered, whereas the 598's bass is underwhelming. As an aside, the bass won't shake you - you won't feel it in your chest like a good home theater/car audio system will provide you. Having said that, the 650 probably gives about as good of bass as a headphone can give.The 650 is a little more streamlined and solidly built than the 598. The 650's headband is more narrow and isn't as cushioned, but the fit is just as comfortable as the 598 and the 650's seal around my ears is tighter (a good thing). The 650 has a fairly strong clamping pressure, but so did the 598 when I first put it on. Having said that, both headphones are very comfortable and if you're like me and have sensitive ears you'll acclimate to the feeling (or gently bend the headphone band to relieve the pressure).My Sansa Clip+ mp3 player powered them fine (at a high energy sucking player volume level to produce a comfortably loud audible volume). My Onkyo home theater receiver is more than enough to power them. I should say I'm very skeptical of many headphone "good ideas" - expensive cables, "burn-in," and headphone amps have never produced a superior sound, in my experience.Does the price justify purchasing the 650 over the 598? If you're a music listener, sure. If you can buy them at a discount, definitely. But if you use these for gaming, maybe not. When I played Battlefield 4 with the 650, I can't say I noticed a sound improvement over the 598, but I wasn't swapping headphones back and forth to form a strong opinion. I will say the gaming audio difference, assuming there is one, isn't jaw dropping.
What can I say but excellent, excellent, excellent. They only get better with more playtime, and they scale so well with a quality desktop amplifier. I mean come on Sennheiser, seriously though.. What did you guys do? invent a time machine and steal technology from the future? 11 years running and still a monstrous set of headphones, meaning they devour anything else near its price range. I feel compelled to tell you reader, to buy these headphones and accompany it with a quality desktop amplifier, because it will change your perception of music forever. This is all of course with a high quality lossless song to play on them. Truly the benchmark to which other headphones are compared.
I have tried so many different headphones over the years, but I always find myself going back to my "old comfies", the HD 650s.Comparison to Other Models - There are some that do better in other areas. For better treble clarity, the AKG K701 kind of takes the cake. However, they get a little TOO "crisp" for my tastes sometimes, depending on the music. My MrSpeakers Alpha Dogs are some of the most comfortable headphones I've EVER worn, with great sound and prominent/tight bass... but they need a LOT of juice to drive them right.The HD 650s are just fantastically easy to listen to. They are well-rounded, smooth and liquidy. The highs aren't as crispy as other models previously mentioned, but the mids are divine. My favorite use of mids with any headphones I've heard are from these cans. The bass is also tight, responsive and prominent, but never too overwhelming.Do you need a separate amp?  -  The most simple answer, is "maybe not" but it would be underwhelming. They will sound good/fine, but depending on the equipment you're using (I bet an iPhone it will be not that great), you will have a tough time finding more than a "passable" level of volume.- I can plug directly into my laptop and it sounds quite nice. It uses the Creative Labs X-Fi MB3. I play lossless audio with Foobar. It drives them decently - especially for gaming.- With the Fiio X5 it sounds pretty good. The gain has to be set to "high". It sounds 20x better when paired with the Fiio E18 through coaxial. It's quite amazing the amount of punch and audio pressure you can get when you pair those two devices with the HD650. I would say that's the beginning of the "good" with what these cans can offer.- When plugged into my Centrance Hifi M8 it sounds AWESOME. If you're spending the kind of dough for a headset like these, it makes sense to invest at least as much in a good amp to drive them to their potential. The higher you go in quality, the better they seem to sound.Gaming - Love them when plugged into my Sennheiser G4ME dongle. Sounds better than the PC 363D, but those are my favorite "gaming" headphones, and with no mic on the HD 650, it's find to stick with the 363D.The best soundstage and directionality of gaming with any headphones I've heard is with the AKG K701s, to be honest.Watching movies and listening to music is the best.It's whether or not you can deal with - or prefer - the organic, soft-toned texture of Sennheiser's sound that will determine your opinion of these headphones. For classical, jazz, blues and acoustic stuff, these excel. For hard rock, they are pretty good, and with instrumental rock I prefer something a little more "bright" in the highs. For gaming, they are darned good, actually in the top three favorites. Bass does not drown out important audio cues in-game, which is great.So, yeah... I'm a huge fan of these headphones. Highly recommended, as long as one understands what kind of sound they like. Unlike most other headphones, I can listen to these all day and my ears don't get tired. Many other excellent headphones can give me ear fatigue after a while.
The HD 650 is definitely a reference class headphones.The HD650 unparalleled dynamic transducer produces the best mid range I've ever heard.  These are not your typical 40mm driver found in sub $300 headphones.  The HD650 diaphragm has variable thickness, specially tuned.  These German Audio Engineers really know their stuff.  The vocal it produces is simply phenomenal.If you already own or are familiar with other reference level headphones, you might not notice any major difference upon the first listening of the HD650.  But give it a few weeks of trials, then the sonic quality will become apparent.  Its ultra low distortion make the music sound pure, authentic, and clear.All I can say is that every headphone enthusiast should own one of these cans.  Not that it should be the only one in your Hi-Fi arsenal, but definitely one of the must have.By the way, I don't normally give full mark ratings (5-star for Amazon).  Because I always believe there are always room for improvements.  Unless it is something out of this world, then it'll get a 5-star.  So a 4-star rating in this case is an outstanding rating.
Wild! Powerful! Hope you have a very high end high quality amp to go with it cuz you will need it. Wild! Powerful! Hope you have a very high end high quality amp to go with it cuz you will need it. Wild! Powerful! Hope you have a very high end high quality amp to go with it cuz you will need it.
These are for sure my favorite pair of headphones yet, though from what I have heard others dislike this brand either because there's not enough bass reproduction or they are too tight, luckily they fit my head snugly and I have only had ear pains wearing them for over 10 hours. The bass reproduction is a more neutral tone than most headphones but still can kick when listening to deep audio. These headphones have an outstanding sound stage and open design that allow my ears to breath. The design is pretty modular and parts look fairly simple to replace so don't worry if you break something.
Just beautiful midbass, nice clear, no part of the music drowns out the other.  Detachable cable is a plus, got a short 3.5mm cable to go with it. No harsh treble, very smooth presentation.  Comes with a pretty nice box.Cons: Only accessory was a 3.5mm adapter?  Really Sennheiser, for 500 bucks you could at least throw in a bag or a second cable.
what an awesome sound they present to your ears, I had PSB M4U2 which by itself are very good cans but not very comfortable, but HD650 has just changed the whole cans ideology for me. I have it hooked up to JDS O2 amp and they are just so transparent and black, I don't like the idea of big boom from cans as to me thats very fatigue comes in but HD650 are just doing wonders on ears, no words to explain....
The Sennheiser HD 650 is an excellent pair of headphones to own; when paired with a proper, Amp and Dac. HD 650 is whimsical and playful, and all around a good sounding set of headphone for all genres of music. The headphones also have good base level. I would highly recommend this headphones to all music lovers.
In terms of sound quality, this headphone is amazing. You can hear any sounds separately and clearly. I was using apple ear buds which come with iPod. So, this headphone changed my mind about music in general. I use this headphone with an amplifier (Audinst HUD-mx1 Hi-Fi USB Audio DAC +Worldwide Express). I recommend you to use an amplifier as well because of the high impedance. All of my friends whom I showed this headphone said this is crazy. And, this headphone experiences inspired them so hard so they got interested in sound quality and some of them bought some decent headphone.
Blew my HD558s out of the water.What can I say?Needs about 20 hours of burn in, 40 for the DAC (Audioengine D1).Very comfortable (similar to HD558s).  A little tight around the head, but it's really not that bad and other people say it gets better over time.I was using the HD558s before and I have to say these are significantly better.I got them for $298 after taxes/shipping during a fire sale on sennheiser.com that lasted 20 minutes.CONS:I wish Sennheiser adapted the DT990's screw on 1/8 <> 1/4 adapter design, but the adapter they give you is an acceptable alternatives
I have tried many headphones and setups at local shows.  From electrostatics to very high end dynamics.  These headphones paired with a Woo Audio WA6 or WA2 and a nice DAC will sound fantastic.  I recommend some nice 6SN7 like vintage sylvanias or RCA's and a USAF-596 rectifier.  Of course FLAC as your source and it sounds perfect...
Busting The Famous HD 650 Myth - Is It Really Hard To Drive?All that is Audiophile BS!It isn't hard to drive.It sounds just fine out of an iPhone or MacBook Air but the volume just isn't there. Also, the inbuilt DAC is as good as it gets. But iDevices don't have the voltage or current to drive a phone like HD 650 sufficiently. So even at low volume there is clipping resulting in audible and measurable issues.At very low volumes you're okay but there is still clipping as there is no reserve. You definitely don't need to change the DAC.All you need to do is get a powerful amplifier (read powerful, not expensive): that is powerful and transparent, to provide enough clean power. Something like a Superflux HA3D or Objective2 is more than enough. A FiiO E12 isn't enough and it also colors the sound audibly, so I won't recommend that.As long as you can a good enough amp that is transparent, a HD 650 will sound as good as it gets. Unless of course you're talking of coloring the sound, tubes, placebo, volume changes, clipping etc.An Asus STX headphone jack is way more than enough to drive HD 650 to its full potential. An O2/ODAC should audibly be similar as well. And so will other expensive systems like Benchmark 1 and Violectric amps. Everything else is either color/distortion, clipping or plain placebo!Audiophile AMP Myth Busted!Audiophiles feel an amp is supposed to change/affect the sound. Wrong!It is supposed to be a wire with gain, to amplify the signal, i.e. make it louder.I accept most amps in the market do color the sound, but that isn't what an amp should ideally do. And a lot of non sense out there is plain placebo. Whether you like it or not.Color = Distortion. Period!As long as you have the correct amp for a headphone (this isn't synergy but there is a measurable science behind this), and you're not clipping and of course the amp must be audibly transparent, all of those amps will sound the same.To get the volume equal you need to use a Millimeter. Doing it by ear or by a sound level measuring device is non sense.As far as the HD 650/600/800 are concerned, all the below amps should sound more or less the same, if not absolutely identical:STXO2Benchmark 1Vioelectric neutral ampsAlthough there is more to this than merely output impedance, but a good rule of thumb is that for a dynamic headphone, if your amp's impedance is less than 1/8th that of your phone, you'll be fine.The STX has an impedance of 10.7 ohm. So phones that are 80-100 ohm or more will be just fine.HD 598 is 50 ohm I think. So technically there will be a sound signature change with slightly more bass and slightly less treble, and audibly so. But thankfully I have tried a HD 598 with it and it is fabulous indeed. Not as much as the HD 650 of course. :DO2 and a Benchmark 1 have impedances below 1 ohm. So they can pretty much run any phone out there.And this rule doesn't apply to planar phones like LCD2.And then of course there are some exceptions that require too much voltage/current like HE6, K1000 etc.The STX and O2 are fine for HE6 as far as measurements are concerned. From what I've read by other science people, that is. For K1000 - No!Transparent = Transparent wrt the audible domainIf two amps are audibly transparent, they will sound the same minus placebo, irrespective of one being better or vice Verma.If one is colored/warm/bright etc, of course there will be a difference. But a very slight one. These differences get exaggerated out of promotion. Even a colored one may often be difficult to tell apart in a Double A/B Blind Test.Audiophile DAC Myth Busted!Transparent = Transparent = iPhone/ ODAC / STX / AEX / MacBook = SameColored = Distortion = Slight Difference = Muses/ Android phones (I jus got heard Moto G 2014 though)Colored DACs may sound slightly different. But that is distortion. Not hi fidelity. That is not how a DAC is supposed to be.A DAC isn't supposed to have a sound. If it is audibly transparent, it sounds the same. End of story!An iPhone DAC is good enough for any application in the world. It is that flat and transparent.HD 650 v/s HD 598A HD 650 sounds better than a HD 598 even out of a MacBook Air. But the MBA amp isn't powerful enough to do justice to it let alone making it loud enough. It is okay though, but not ideal. But it is 100% transparent and clean.An STX or O2/ODAC or Superlux HA3D/iPhone is as good as it gets.Everything else is either placebo or color, and it is mostly placebo.I have been a victim of this placebo thing for years as well. No more!If you have enough volume without color/clipping (this is hard to say without measurements) you're doing great!The HD 598 is great.But the HD 650 is a small but clearly audible jump across the board. With the only drawback being that it is a bit darker but nevertheless more natural and refined.The HD 650 is as good as it gets under USD 500-1000 once you take into consideration comfort, warranty, sound etc as well. Of course the LCD2 is a big jump in terms of sound, but the HD 650 is far more neutral (I'll explain soon) than a LCD2 at least, perhaps not in absolute terms. And the LCD2 is a pain to wear.Under USD 500, HD 650/600 are undisputed kings. Beyond USD 500 it may become debatable. And of course although I have not tried the HD 700, I'm sure it should be a decent jump over the HD 650/600.Don't compare to phones like K701/702 or DT 880. There is a reason the Sennheiser is more expensive and sought after.The ear doesn't hear sound like a flat Frequency a Response. So no matter how you find the FR curve of the HD 650, that doesn't make it overly dark. That is probably the curve followed to an extent by the ear as well.Of course HD 600/700/800 might be a slight touch more neutral, with HD 800 being on the bright side of neutral.Treble:HD 650 is better than HD 598 but only where treble is truly required. HD 598 is livelier and more fun otherwise. And far better to the untrained ear. And I do agree HD 650 is slightly dark, so perhaps not for everyone. But it is possible to get used to it and even enjoy its natural sound.Bass:HD 650 is louder than HD 598 in bass. Both are tight. Pretty tight. HD 598 is a tad tighter. HD 650 is a tad softer. Neither is bass heavy/light. HD 650 is definitely softer and with more rumble I guess.The tightest I heard the HD 650 was with a Beta22. But it wasn't neutral. It was warm. No doubt. Far from transparent.Mids:HD 598 is mids forward. HD 650 has magical lush mids. Need I say more? Ya, HD 650 is slightly better.Comfort:Both are great. In their different ways.HD 650 v/s HD 800HD 800 is slightly more detailed, refined and with more treble. But when you compare them side by side.I compared them with Muses and Project Ember (not STX, just for those naysayers).They are very close. HD 800 is better. But HD 650 is slightly more natural.The difference is far less than people make it out to be.The difference is similar like that of going from a HD 598 to a HD 650. It is there. But not night and day, irrespective of the amp/DAC.I've even tried a Beta22/Lehmann BCL, just to shut people up. :PIf I had the money, I'd take the HD 800 in a heart beat. But I don't. And the HD 650 is close but not quite there. So it is well worth the price as well.And although I've not tried it, the HD 800 runs just fine out of a STX. My friend has tried one with a STX and an Essence One and there wasn't much difference unless you try to start nitpicking, and there isn't much difference even then.A FiiO or iPhone amp is of course not capable of running the HD 800 though, with the exception of FiiO desktop amps perhaps. Won't comment on that though.But the HD 800 is definitely a superior phone and I'd definitely get it if money wasn't an object. But a HD 650 is a close rival, though in a slightly lower league.
Based on all the positive reviews, we shelled out the $500 for the Sennheiser HD 650 headphones thinking they would be better than the Sony headphones we already have (MDX something, $200).  We received the Sennheisers yesterday, and they are going back today.  I can't really say that the quality was good or bad, because, even at the highest volume, it seemed I had noise dampening earplugs in.  The little booklet that came with the headphones says that the Sennheiser phones make one feel surrounded by the music...I was left wondering, "Where's the music?"  I kept searching the phones for a switch or volume control, or something that would indicate a bad connection or damage, but to no avail.  Lesson learned; more expensive does not always mean better.
At $200 the Sony MDR-X10 is far better.  I have had the Sony for a while and was looking for something better.  The reviews for the Sennheiser HD 650 were so great that I thought I found the headphones for me.  I received the Sennheiser yesterday, and was so disappointed in the quality of the sound coming out.  Even at full volume, it seemed that I was only listening at half volume or less.  Subtle sounds were lost, as was the "boom" "boom" of the base.  I was expecting so much more for $500.  I highly recommend the Sony product.
My first try at the HD650 was not so good, it was muddy, veiled and I end up selling it and keeping the HD600. I felt the HD600 was better sonically. After I bought the Asus STX with headphone amp and bought another HD650, totally diffrent story. The HD650 is great but you must have a headphone amp. I notice the HD600 does not scale as much with an amp, but the HD650 scales up. From what I've read, the better the amp/componets the more the HD650. I am looking to get a tube amp and try that out. I still be connecting the tube amp the the STX RCA jacks so the STX might still be the low part in the chain. I ripped all my music to WAV. I belive I used EAC to rip a bit perfect copy.
I had a pair of HD 600s for 4 years and loved them.  I work in the consumer electronics industry and I used the HD 600 professionally to listen to audio from new hardware under design and on several occasions I was able to detect minor problems just by listening.  I moved and the HD 600s didn't move with me. I missed them and I decided to splurge on a new pair, and the HD 650 seemed like they'd be an upgrade.  In retrospect (I've owned the 650s for 9 months now) I feel I made a mistake.Sound:While the 650s deliver great sound, I find the 650s not living up to my memory of the 600s.  I no longer have the 600s or any test equipment and I hate to resort to audiophile lingo like "less rich" or "slightly muddy" so let's just say I feel the HD 650 are "almost, but not quite as good."  FWIW, I listen to the HD 650 with a DACmini, which theoretically is superior in every way possible to the equipment I used to test with the HD600.Comfort:The HD 650 are also too tight for my liking and feel a little heavier, hotter and generally more tiring to wear.  Even after several months I find I need a break if I wear them for more than an hour or so.So while the HD 650s are very nice, my recommendation is: save $100 and get the HD 600.
I love the sound of these but when I had a chance to pick up a pair of the big HD 800's, their was no comparison.  Had to let these go back.  If you cannot afford to part with the cash for the 800's and do not want to settle for wireless for close listening, these would be the best choice.
I like a natural, balanced sound that is a close to the sound of a good acoustic instrument or voice in a real room as I can find.  These are very easy to listen too and very natural sounding.  When they err, I think that they err on the side of warmth and I like that.  You kind of listen into the music with these.  I also have AKG k-701's.  I like the 701's too, but they push the detail forward and are not as warm sounding.  There's lots of detail in the Sennheisers, but it is laid back and less "in your face."  In addition, the 701's NEED a good amp to sound good but these (while benefiting from a good amp) don't suffer as much with more common equipment.They are comfortable for me with glasses on, but a bit tight even after hundreds of hours.  They are not fatiguing to listen to.  Since I got them, I only put on the AKG's when I want to have the detail of my music "light up" which is sometimes fun but is not how I hear live music.
Perhaps my expectation was too high -with all these 5 star reviews.I was hoping it would sound better than listening to my current audio/speaker system,but it did not come close. Perhaps that's the limitation of the headphones.Perhaps all these rave reviews were written by people who never owned a goodstereo sytem.My first listening impression was that the headphones sound did not produce wow factor nor struck mewith 3D clarity or impressive soundstage.For those ears used to the slightly brighter sound, HD 650 will not be very impressive at all.Overall the sounds seemed to have been filtered, restrained or muffled. The so called Dark sound.This is perhaps a  good thing for a  long period of listening since it hardly produce any ear fatigue.Is that trade off worth? I tend to think so. Also human ears adapt to new sound so as you keeplistening to it you will notice less and less of the shortcomings of the sound spectrums that you noticed in the beginning.Like most headphones in the market, HD 650 is over priced. It just is not worth $500.
After taking a break from the audio world, I was thrust back into it when my son wanted a pair of Beats by Dre for Christmas.  I had (of course) seen high profile celebrities wearing these, and at $299 I had to see what they were all about.  So I set out to see if they were worth the price.  Long story short, I ended up auditioning dozens of headphones.  I actually purchased a pair of Beyerdynamic DT880 Pros, Grado SR125s, Audio Technica ATH-M50's, Shure SRH440s, and a few not even worth mentioning.  After listening to them all for hours, and evaluating them for clarity, comfort, neutrality, and sound stage, I finally thought I had a winner with the Beyers.  But I then found out that my iPhone was woefully inept to drive them adequately.  I purchased the Fiio E17 headphone DAC and amp to drive the headphones.  And realized that, although the Beyers were great, they were far from neutral.  They just sounded that way because I didn't have enough power to run them properly.  After a few weeks of research I decided to get a pair of Sennheiser HD650s.  These cans are truly awesome.  But they ARE power hungry, so its a good thing I had purchased an amplifier.  After setting these up with some test flacs, I was blown away at the clarity.  While the majority of the cans I've had really sound decent, they sound really bright (especially the Grados and Shures).  In other words, the treble sounds harsh.  On the other hand, the Sennheisers sound smooth and flat.  The sound stage is wide and airy.  They have a similar sound to the Beyers, but without the slightly exaggerated bass.  They are light and comfortable with velor pads that seem to hug your head.  In my opinion, if you have the cash, don't hesitate because you won't be disappointed. With an impedance of 300 ohms, these can be cranked up to ear damaging levels without distortion, so be careful.  The only thing I can say about them on a negative note is that since they're open-back headphones, anyone next to you can hear what you're listening to.  But for me, that's not an issue.  Oh, and by the way, I did get the Beats for my son...oh well, can't win 'em all.  I hope this review helps.
I am using the HD 650 + Benchmark DAC1 + TB Isone DSP. The sound is great.Very detailed, natural, precise.They are somewhat better than my Beyer DT 880 (600 ohms) - more detailed, more open.My HD 650 came with a slight defect on both ear-pads.Sennheiser graciously sent me a pair of new ear-pads. Great customer care.
If you mostly play highly compressed MP3 files and plug your headphones straight into your computer, buy cheaper headphones.If you rip your CDs to lossless files, have a separate digital audio converter (DAC), these headphones should be on your "short list." You will need to spend at least twice as much to get a noticeably better sounding headphone.I paid $412 for my HD650s. Yes, that's a lot of money, but I still consider it to be a great bargain. With a good headphone amp, these 'phones sound simply amazing. They are top rated by quite a number of headphone audiophile web sites.Personally, I'm using the Schiit Modi (DAC) and Magni (amp) to drive these. The pair cost $200 plus shipping. That brings the total to just over $600. This system is phenomenal!!
For some strange reason, I waited a long time to buy these headphones. Silly me. We review one of Sennheiser's top headphone options.Originally released in 2003, the HD650 is certainly aging. In fact, the headphone market has exploded since its debut and it's no secret that there are better headphones out there. Heck, even Sennheiser has their flagship HD800 and the soon-to-be-released HD700, $1,500 and $1,000 respectively. But just because there are more expensive options doesn't mean those are the better options.If you start reading into a site like Head-fi (which I love, don't get me wrong), you'll start to feel like the HD650 is a thing of the past. Why buy the inferior HD650 when the HD800 exists?? Well, a couple reasons actually:(1) 99.9% of people would never, ever consider spending $1,500 on headphones. Most people couldn't afford it. Most that could wouldn't find the point in buying them. The HD800 is a unique headphone for unique people.(2) The HD800 is probably the pickiest dynamic headphone ever made when it comes to powering them. Typically the rule of thumb is to spend as much on an amp as you do on the headphones. That's upping the ante; 99.999999% of people wouldn't spend $3,000 on a headphone setup.The HD650 is a relative bargain in today's headphone market. So let's forget about all the more expensive, technically more superior options, if only just for the rest of this review.::::: BUILD & AESTHETICS :::::Though all plastic, they feel very sturdy and look quite sexy. I much prefer the graphite look to the HD600's mid-90's green marbling. Yuck. The velour pads are squishy enough, though the actual surface is a little scratchy. Doesn't bother me. Many people find these to clamp on your head pretty tight. Also doesn't bother me. Some people recommend stretching these out over a basketball or a stack of books and while that works nicely for most headphones, DO NOT attempt to stretch these out. There are plenty of horror stories of the headband's hard plastic simply snapping in half. Bear the slight pressure for a while and the HD650s will slowly and safely loosen up to fit your melon better.Detachable cable? Heck yeah! While this seems like a simple, unimportant thing, I value this feature so much. What if you snag the cable on something? What if your stupid cat chews through it? What if? In that case, you simply remove the old cable and stick in a new one. Plus, this often-overlooked feature allows you to quickly and easily upgrade the stock cable to something more worthy of these headphones. Me? I upgraded to the $300 15' Cardas cable. Sound nuts? I am... don't judge me. To my ears, it made a substantial difference. The nicer connections and larger gauge made the notorious "rolled-off" property disappear and I swear I can hear a more precise low-end. Definitely consider this worthwhile upgrade.::::: THE SOUND :::::What do they sound like, you ask? To be quite honest, I didn't like them at first. I came from mostly listening to the Denon AH-D2000 which offer more of a WOW! experience since they have super punchy lows, scooped mids, and diamond-like highs. The HD650s simply didn't impress me. There was no WOW! :-(Then I kept listening... and listening... and then I realized something. The low-end doesn't thump my head around. I'm hearing the warm, present midrange of Norah's sweet, sweet vocals. I also don't get lost in a sea of bright cymbal splashes. What in the world does all this mean?! It means they are pretty darn neutral.The HD650 is an open-backed headphone. This generally allows for a more accurate sound. When headphones have closed backs, sound gets trapped inside, bounces off your ears and muds up the sound (oh no!). Open backs allow longer frequency waves (lower notes) to escape as they should and produce a clearer sound. Open backs also means that the HD650 has terrific imaging. This is how it "places" instruments and people "around" your head. Ever notice how in-ear headphones trap the sound into this narrow beam in the center of your skull? That isn't the case with the HD650. Yay! The only negative is that your music is very loud to those around you. These headphones are generally best suited for private listening in a secluded space.::::: BASS :::::While the bass doesn't kick hard, it does exactly what it is supposed to. It establishes a solid platform for all of the other instruments to build off of. Some headphones have so much thick bass it makes me want to throw up. These simply play the notes they are supposed to. I hear the tone of the kick drum, which isn't something I've ever noticed with another set of cans. The most important thing to remember is to listen to properly mixed stuff. Many sound engineers will actually mix in less bass nowadays to compensate for people's bass-boosting tendencies. Other engineers boost it in the studio to keep consumers happy. Take a listen to some well recorded upright bass and it's as if the bass is in the room with you. The attack is almost perfect, the warmth is there and you can hear the fingertips scrape across the resin. Overall, the bass presentation is nearly perfect, unless you want punchy-thumpiness, in which case there are better options.::::: MIDRANGE :::::The midrange is sweet. Some headphones sound "scooped," while others pump honky midrange down your throat. Headphones are under the ultimate midrange test with chunky electric guitars and most vocalists. There isn't much else to say... The HD650 renders the midrange very well, nestled between warm bass and clear treble. No complaints!::::: TREBLE :::::Many people say that the HD650s "roll off" the treble. In my opinion, the general population has a skewed standard, People tend to like things unnaturally bright (as well as unnaturally bassy). Listen to someone singing or playing a guitar and then listen to these headphones. Listen really carefully. In any case, most people have lost their upper-frequency hearing anyways, so many people will never notice this "problem." I think the treble is crystal clear and appropriate in volume and presence.::::: REVISED HD 650 :::::Many audiophiles insist that the HD650 is a warm headphone. Some say that they're "muffled." These comments are still floating around the interwebs. Let me be clear here: Sennheiser revised the HD650 a few years back (2007-ish?). Basically, they changed a few dampening things on either side of the drivers and magically removed the dreaded "Sennheiser Veil." It's not there. The HD650 is not "rolled off." It is not "bass heavy."Having a strong musical and AV background, I can tell you that the (newer) HD650 is a very well balanced headphone. If anything, people generally want those "punchy" dynamics, which means hard-hitting bass and screeching treble. So yes, in comparison, a well-balanced headphone would have a "warm" sound.::::: THEY'RE PRACTICAL :::::Well, more practical than the HD800. At only ~$425, these are a steal in today's headphone market. I've listened to headphones that cost twice as much and sound half as good. At 300 ohms, they'll struggle out of an iPod. In fact, don't even attempt it. I used a $300 aftermarket cable and powered them with an $850 amp, however, the HD650 will sound superb through an entry-level amp and its stock cable. We're talking $600 said and done--maybe less with common price flux.::::: OVERALL :::::After 600+ hours of burn in, I find the Sennheiser HD650 headphones to be nearly perfect. I guess they aren't "the best" in any one, specific aspect, but overall, they are a serious contender for the world's best dynamic headphone. Many will disagree with my observations, but those are pretty much only people spending thousands upon thousands of dollars on audio equipment. These are among the most incredible headphones I've ever had the pleasure of listening to and are a relative bargain.Don't think; just buy.(I previously posted this review on my website, Kolulu, but thought it would be more helpful here. Hope this helps!)
I got these headphones for my son as a Christmas present after he asked for them. He previously owned a pair of Grado SR225i headphones which he had enjoyed. After getting the Sennheiser HD 650s he will most likely never pick up the Grados again. The build quality and comfort of the HD 650s is beyond superior. As for sound quality, he tested them with a headphone amp using flac files through Foobar2000 and heard sounds in Pink Floyd and The Beatles that were previously inaudible with his Grados. These headphones are completely worth the money, but are obviously harder to drive than cheaper headphones. Use these headphones with an amp!
These cans beat out the Bose quiet comfort 3's and the Beats Pro for my love.Pro's: extremely lightweight and comfortable for long listening. Clear crisp sound which doesn't sound muffled. Gets better with an amp. Left and right audio seem spaced out.Con's: long cord annoys me a bit when traveling. They require an amp for volume and a richer experience. They take some time to break in.
First experience:Out of the box it's hard to adjust the head band.  At first it seemed like I couldn't extend it beyond what would correspond to a child's skull size.  Couldn't believe that my head is that much larger than average, but wearing the headphones felt so uncomfortable that I was already considering sending them back.But finally I had the guts (fearing I would break my brand new headphones) to pull real hard, and sure enough it turns out that you can extend the head band a quite a bit, even more than I needed.  Oh well.With my ears in the right place the sound was *a lot* better too.  Quite happy about that.Comfort:These headphones are comfortable, can wear them for hours without getting tired of wearing them.Sound:At the risk of being thought of as some bass aficionado, I do know when I hear a weakness in the low ranges.  For the first time in the many years many years that I've had my Yamaha amplifier I enabled its equalizer to compensate.Don't get me wrong, I am happy with the rest of the sound spectrum, just not ecstatic because my expections were, rightly or wrongly so, higher.While it's not an apples to apples comparison of course, I had expected these headphones to create a sound experience that would be a step up from my Mission 79 Series loudspeakers.  They're great speakers, so could it be that the Missions are really that good ?  I had always thought that the purest audio experience was impossible with loudspeakers, and that good headphones would always win that contest.  But after having heard electrostatic speakers at a friend of mine I do believe there's always room for improvement.Now what?  I'll give these headphones a chance to "break in" as many other reviews mention, I'll be patient and come back after a while to add an update to the review.I probably should get myself a decent headphone amplifier first.
I won't try to sound like an audiophile with this review, other than to say that I found the Senns as wonderful as advertised, and well worth the persistently high price. I am comparing them to Beyer 990 Pros, and pair them with a FIIO E17 which seems to power them OK.The Senns are cleaner and more refined throughout the spectrum over the Beyers, but never boring. I've found some of the monitor type headphones a little bland for me, with a bit more emphasis on treble. The Senns are brilliant without being harsh, and out of the box, the bass is plenty adequate for me, and more polished in the mid bass.So enough of that. I have one major and one minor problem with this set - the former may be a deal breaker: I honestly can't wear these comfortably while wearing glasses. The high set pads combined with the heavy clamping pressure (that's the minor problem as I suspect this will improve over time) prevents me from wearing both. It would seem silly to wear contacts just to listen to music. Grumpy face.I'll keep experimenting with this, but it is the first time I've bumped into this issue while trying different headphones.  I would keep this in mind if you wear glasses, but other than that, these headphones have been a revelation.UPDATE: as expected, the clamping force improves over time, so the effect on eyeglasses changes also. Now the pads squeak on the frames with even minimal head movement. So if I hold my head still, it's all good. This may be the trade off that I make as I continue to enjoy these more and more. The clarity is outstanding. The seem neither too warm or cool (the Beyers in comparison seem warmly muddy). I have had "studio" or "reference" headphones that seem sterile to me. These invigorate the music and despite the detail, I find them forgiving enough to enjoy music of different bitrates and codecs without being over analytical. I guess.
These headphones are awesome!  I spent over a month trying to pick out a perfect pair of headphones for under $1000.  Long story short, I started with the Dre Beats pro and these blow it out of the park.  The Beats have a lot of bass, but don't get me wrong I love bass too, but it would distort the sound.  These have the perfect balance to me for listening to house, trance, hip hop...
I got this product to replace my aging Sennheiser HD 595. I really like the 595 they served me well as a movie watching, call of duty playing, and sound/video editing do it all headphone.  So deciding whether to upgrade actually started by looking at the new style of the 595 I didn't like the color. So I looked at Sennheiser other phones as well as Grados, I'm so so glad I did.The Senniheiser 650s look great and sound fantastic. First, I stuck in Sade - "Send me someone to love" and I feel the love for these phones. Next I decided to stick in Disk 3 of my Stereophile test CDs these phones brought out clarity I'd never heard before. They made my 595s sound muddy.  They are particularly good at bringing out clarity with instruments like cymbals and vibrations on string.  Next I plugged them into my Yamaha S90ES to play some Chopin with Grand Piano set, wow, they sound so good that they actually make the synthesizer sound more...synthetic. The phones provide great tonal balance. If you like boomy big bass look elsewhere these cans (headphones) keep bass pretty much in check as they are tight and will require equalization to be bassy.  That being said everything so far sounds bang on from hip-hop to vocals to Rachmaninov.Highly recommend.Things to note about these cans:1. They need power to sound well.2. The cord is slightly shorter than the 5953. If you adjust them to be just a little tall, they will fit very snug on you jaw muscles. This worried me a bit since my wife and I will use them for sound editing and recording for extended periods. So fitting appropiately to your head is a must.
I'm no audiophile..lets be clear on this..but these headphones arequite simply the best I've ever owned FOR MUSIC presentation..especiallyclassical and piano..the mids and high end reproductions are superb;I agree with many here that these cans need a break in time and theyalso need (but do not require) a separate headphone amp..they like and needpower to bring out the highs in particular..I don't listen much to works witha lot of bass..these cans don't seem to be designed for bass..also I havefound that the Sennheiser 180's do better with speech (live TV) than the 650's..this just might be my hearing, however..I like many baby-boomers have lost a lot ofmy high-frequency hearing capacity and rely on SOA hearing aids to help mewith the musicOnly negative I have (4 stars instead of 5) is the somewhat short cables that came with the 650's..tooshort for most of us that do not want to curl up with our amps..got the Cardascables to go with the 650's...the combo can't be beat
These headphones are amazing!  You won't be disappointed.After using a loaned pair of HD600s for a few weeks, and researching the heck out of headphones, I settled on the HD650.  I had read that they were very much like the HD600s but with added bass.  Lots of people have lots of different opinions about sennheisers but that particular comment about these two models was repeated far and wide.These headphones do need amplification, and they depend a lot on the amplifier for their sound.  Without any amplifier they won't sound so great.  With a cheapo amplifier they'll sound okay.  But with a good amplifier they will sing.  I haven't yet tried a great amplifier but I'm really looking forward to that because I imagine they'll sound even better.
I was retiring my HD 595s after they cracked at the temples (just like I was warned they would).  The Senns fit like a dream and had unbelievable sound, but the cheap build came back to bite me and made me regret spending the money.  So, thinking the grass might be greener, I bought the Grado HD325is and was really excited to get them, at first.  The "Grado Sound" is highly subjective, you either like it or you don't.  I found it to be "tinny" and overly bright to the point of distraction from the music I was listening to.  So, I sent the Grados back on the same day I got them.Which brings me to the Sennheiser HD 650s.  I had really wanted the 650s, but the high price was a point of contention for me.  After being underwhelmed by the build quality of the 595s, I was hesitant to take the plunge.  I knew I would need a decent amplifier to push the 650s which have a high impedance, and that meant even more cash layout.  But, I wanted to own the best cans I could get for my money, so I ordered the 650s and the FiiO E9 amp along with the E7 DAC, which fits right into the E9.From the first moment I listened to the 650s I knew I'd made the right choice.  I really loved the sound of the 595s, but even their great sound is just a mere shadow of the crisp clarity and detail you get from the 650s.  And the build quality of the 650s has renewed my faith in Sennheiser as well.  Where the 595s had plastic parts, the 650s are metal and I'm not worried a bit about them cracking.The 650s are really bright and not at all muddled.  Some people talk about the "Sennheiser Veil" which is supposed to be a damping of the high end, but I don't find that at all in the 650s.  I'm utterly impressed with the sound presentation.  I've listened to all types of music with theses cans, from jazz to rock to classical and I've enjoyed the nuances of each thanks to these incredible headphones.  I don't feel like I'm sitting in front of the musicians.  The soundstage makes me feel as though I'm surrounded by the music.  I can hear every single instrument clearly.  The brushes against the cymbals are just as clear as the warm, rich bass.  These cans really shine on pieces where the musical instruments are layered.  You become completely immersed in the performance.Comfort is never an issue with Sennheiser.  The Grado cups were made of some horrible, scratchy plastic that instantly irritated the ears.  The 650s fit over the ear instead of sitting against them, as the Grados do.  You can listen to the 650s for hours on end and never miss a beat.  Velour padding ensures a comfortable fit.So, are there any drawbacks to the 650s?  Well, yes.  The price is the single biggest drawback.  These are not cheap.  But with build quality like the 650s have, you won't be replacing them for a long time.  These are "open" headphones, which means that they're not ideal for airplanes, cubicles or anywhere else that you don't want people to hear what you're listening to.  But they're absolutely perfect for home use, which is exactly what I bought them for.So, my overall opinion of the Sennheiser 650s is that they're the standard of what headphones should be.  They are absolutely superb in their sound presentation and their build.  These headphones, like all cans, need a break-in period.  I have heard it might be as much as 300 hours for the 650s.  This allows the diaphragms to "loosen" a bit and makes the sound even more incredible.  I'm looking forward to many years of heavenly sound from my 650s and I'd recommend them to anyone who doesn't want to settle for less than the best.*Disclaimer -  I've never got to listen to the Sennheiser HD 800s, they are WAY out of my price range, so I'll be content with the 650s as the best sub-$1000 cans on the market
Before one buys these cans, one should understand what they are--and are not.  The following is critical info. before even considering these earphones:* These are "open air" phones.  Sound leaks (in and out).  That isn't a defect; it's the very design.  Therefore, if you are looking for studio application using condenser mics, look for closed cans.  These are not meant for that application (or any other) where a sound leak is unacceptable.* These require considerable power.  If you want something for your i-pod or other portable gizmo, these will work *only* if you invest in a good headphone amp.  If your primary music source is consistently a portable music player, these phones may disappoint; they may not be what you are looking for.* These headphones require "breaking in" to the tune of 80 hours or more to sound their best.  That being said, they sound great right out of the box.  Think of it like a great merlot, but better: as it ages to perfection, you still get to drink it in the interim.* The quality of the sound from these (or any other) phones directly depends on what you have hooked down the chain! It's the GIGO principle.  If these are powered by quality gear, they will SING!* I was initially disappointed with the aesthetics.  They looked too "plastic-like" for gear in this price range.  They felt a bit cheap, honestly.  They have held up very well, but the plastic owns the landscape.  I do realize that one can't make comfortable headphones from stamped steel, but my old Sony V600 phones are plastic--but don't feel fragile.  I am (overly?) careful with the 650s.I received these as a gift from my BF.  To date, and in terms of the sound these cans provide, I have not found a pair of headphones that provide more of a "wow" experience than these.  The 650s are simply outstanding.  But take note of the information above.  These are not i-pod "earphones," nor are they studio monitors.** UPDATE 1/9/2012 **Since my initial review above, I have driven these many miles.  They only get better.  My initial worries about them feeling  a bit "cheap" (read "fragile") are now lessened.  I had the misfortune of pulling back a studio chair and pulling these to the floor (3+ feet).  It didn't phase them (but avoid this if possible!)The more I experience these, the more impressed I am.  I emphasize the word "experience."  These cans are for experiencing music, perhaps like you never have before.  If you want to analyze and listen, there are better phones out there for about the same amount of money.  If you want to "fall into" the music, these are for you.  I just can't believe the sound.
I owned a pair of Sennheiser 580 HD for over 10 years with nearly daily use. So when it came time to replace them, I had no concerns that Sennheiser would still provide an outstanding product.The overall build quality of these headphones is above my expectations. Not only do they feel sturdy, but they are emensly comfortable to wear for hours. I also love that so many of the parts are easily replaceable so they can be kept for years.In terms of sound quality, I've never used a better pair. The lows have a great punch, the highs sound perfect, and they are clear throughout the entire sound range.My only complaint? (not really a complaint) Any quality issues with my audio source is even more apparent.
No, I don't have gifted "golden" ears, but am young enough (19 as I'm writing this) to have a proper hearing ability.I have gone through so many headphones, from Skullcandy's G.I. (which IMO, sounds like a total crap), JVC (okay, but hurts if wore too long), to Sennheiser PXC 450 and finally Sennheiser HD650.I'm not going to go deeply into its sound signature, and there are plenty of other reviews out there with fancy graphs and numbers (head-fi is a good source).When I first bought the Sennheiser PXC450, I thought it was the best headphones I have ever heard, but after reading that HD650 is the king of Sennheiser under $1000, I decided to cough up some cash.I bought this beast along with Fiio E7 and E9 combo amp, and couldn't be happier ever since.FYI, this headphone IS open, so I can't listen to them when I'm studying in the library (because the sound leak will bother others around me)This means that I have to go back to PXC 450 when I'm listening in public, which, btw is still fantastic. But after being so used to hearing the superior sound quality of HD650, even the PXC 450 sounds lackluster.Also, if you are considering between HD650 and Dr. Dre Beats headphones, HD650 completely blows both Studio and Pro _combined_ out of water. Beats sure looks good, but pricing them in the same range as HD650 is a ridiculous rip-off. I'm not saying Beats sound terrible. They are actually quite decent, but for $300 to $400 you are paying, there are so many better choices out there, like Denon AH-D5000, AKG K701/K702, Beyerdynamic DT 880 (600 Ohms version), and Sennheiser HD650. These headphones MUST HAVE amps to be properly driven.The build quality is excellent. Unlike Bose, Beats, and other headphones out there, almost entire headphone is made of metal and high quality plastic. The pictures does not really show its texture and color. When I saw the pictures on the Internet, I thought it looked kind of chunky, old, and dull, but when I held it in my own hands, it screamed quality and it was beautiful. It's definitely different "beautiful" from Beats Studio. While Beats is like modern, minimalistic beautiful, the HD650 is like your father's vintage Mercedes - classic beauty, full of authority.The cables are removable, and after some research, I found out that there are third party cable makers that make replacement cables (that are supposedly superior than the stock cables) for HD650, but those cables cost more than a hundred dollars, and I doubt replacing the cables will improve the sound noticeably. Stock cables are fine for me.The included case is a nice touch, but don't expect it to be useable for carrying your headphone around. The probability is, you will NOT be able fit the case inside most backpacks. The included 1/4 inch to 1/8 inch adapter is extremely useful when using the headphone with a portable amp (i.e. Fiio E7).HD650 is also the most comfortable headphones that I ever had. The cushions have velvet-like texture. I like it even better than the PXC 450, which has plushier, faux-leather ear cups, but hurt my ears a little after 8+ hours of listening (if you actually think about it, eight hours is a VERY long time). I have small/narrow head, and thus, don't have any clamping complaints like some reviewers have.I consider myself an under-budget music lover (audiophile), but I take my musics seriously enough to get the best out there (that I can afford). While HD650 is out of reach for many college students like myself, if you can get them, they are worth EVERY SINGLE PENNY! I liked mine without the burn-in time, but after the burn-in, I LOVE it! (and, no, I'm not a musics major/minor or sound engineering major/minor; I just love listening music)
Okay, I'm an earbud geek. I own higher-end products from Ety, Shure, Ultimate Ears and even Senn in the buds category. Always on the lookout for a good efficient earbud that doesn't absolutely require a separate headphone amp for decent sound. The ie7 from Senn sounds pretty good plugged directly into my iPhone 4s.At home I don't have those limitations. I use the hd650 with their original cable--I know there are some mighty fine upgrades out there but haven't tried them. This cable runs nicely from the side table where the phones and amp live to my inherited Eames chair. Heaven.3 years ago, I built my own SET tube amp, impedance matched and bias adjusted specifically for the HD650. I've had these phones for going on 9 years now and they have never sounded better. For a long time I was running them with a Creek amp and that setup by the way sounds very, very good. If you have these and a Creek OBH-11 you have better sound than 99.9% of humans. Be happy.I was, but my trusty Creek got lost in a move. Never being satisfied, I began my search for something that cost less yet sounds way better than the Creek. At this point you're in DIY territory. If you're good with electronics, can read a schematic and can do a professional solder joint, then you too can learn enough to build a great sounding headphone amplifier. Mine cost me about 65 bucks in parts and a bit more than that in good audiophile quality tubes. It runs very hot, and it makes the bass just jump off the HD650. There are very good solid state headphone amps for the 650, and Musical Fidelity makes a great tubed output stage that will take the edge off a lot of solid state preamps. So you can get wonderful enjoyment out of this set of cans even with a solid state amp section.But the HD650 was flat out made to be driven by tubes. You have never heard something so balanced, smooth, non-fatiguing and yet with authority up and down the spectrum coming through something attached to your head (unless you've paid substantially more). I lost my Creek amp, spent a few weeks sourcing plans and parts, got a buddy to help me cut, smooth, weld, powdercoat and drill my chassis, then spent a couple of nights putting everything together, switching resistors and pots to balance the sound, adjusting bias and setting up for the high end of the HD650's rated input voltage, cleaning the silver contacts, and setting up.Since then I've burnt out a tube and replaced the pair with a different-sounding pair. Not much, but definitely more treble without sacrificing that sweet smoothness that is tube gear's utter lack of odd-order harmonic distortion. When you clip this thing it still sounds nice. It's hard to clip at anything like tolerable listening levels, but there are some Floyd tracks that make any amp/speaker combo nuts, and also some hi-fi organ recordings that will put your gear into shutdown if you try to play them at actual volume levels. In situations like that, the 650 has been pretty well-behaved since switching to tubes. With solid state amplification you felt like you might break them if you didn't immediately cut the volume under some circumstances, but this setup gives me more volume with less stress on the cans.I have reached my own peak of happiness with these headphones. I know there are even higher mountains out there to climb, but I have no desire to even try. The HD650 is a stone cold bargain in headphones considering the sound it can deliver. I listen to a lot of choir and small combo jazz on these, as well as my sister and brother-in-law's piano recordings (they are both working concert pianists as well as music educators). So once in a while I get a new piano piece on an SD card in the mail--the past couple years it has been mostly Ravel so I guess I'm learning to like Ravel. Brother-in-law always converts live to Apple Lossless using the good mics and generally good acoustics and electronics in the university's recital hall. Musicians can be picky about their recorded sound. iTunes spits it out to the iPod Nano which has surprisingly good sound using a Russ Andrews interconnect (inexpensive and HIGHLY recommended for good sound breakout from Apple products). The iPhone sounds fine as well, but I think the Nano sounds better.The look of this setup is just fantastic as well. iPhone/iPod with its up-to-the-minute tech and styling, hooked up to my homebuilt tube amp, designed to evoke in miniature the great Marantz tube amps of the past. With a gorgeous pair of HD650s next to it. The one thing I'd like is a nice charging dock like the one Arcam makes with a remote. The Russ Andrews cable is plenty long enough to not need a remote--I can just hold the device in my hand and operate it without getting up, and the Arcam dock won't sound any better. But the cable still won't charge the device.The bottom line of all this gear-bragging, the reason why I went into such detail about the setup I use, is this: all of it was designed around my Sennheiser hd650 phones. They are the basis for all the effort I put into the rest of it (okay, that AND saving significant money over just about any decent retail headphone amp). I should get one of those little "Works With iPhone" stickers and put it on my tube amp.If the hd650 ever breaks, I will probably buy another one just like it, unless somebody can show me a less expensive option that sounds better--which I doubt.One of the great bargains in high fidelity. If you want great sound and can't afford thousands of dollars in amps and speakers, you can get great sound--privately--with these cans and a minor investment in a good tubed headphone amp or even a good solid state one.When I bought these, you could get them all day long for $350 and I got them on sale at $290. You don't see those prices today. I figure I'm into my current setup--iPod interconnect, amp and headphones--for under $500. You will pay more today, but there is simply no cheaper way to get this kind of great sound. Period.
I am no expert and hardly consider myself as an audiophile.For several years, I repeatedly searched for high quality sound equipments (amplifiers, audio players, loud speakers etc) on online retail shops and ended up realizing that I would end up with a setup worth thousands of dollars which I probably wouldn't even be able to listen to at a proper volume level, to avoid disturbing my neighbours.Despite my love for listening to high quality music, I refrained myself from spending too much money for it partly due to the reason above and ended up with medium quality sound systems (head-phones, ear-phones, loud-speakers etc.) and apparently missed a lot, until a few days ago.I ended up buying HD 650 from amazon.com with an indirect trigger from a friend as we were looking for a wireless headphone he could use.The first tracks I listened to with HD 650 was "Massive Attack - Paradise Circus (Gui Boratto remix)" along with "Paul Kalkbrenner - Aaron" and "Royksopp - Tricky Two". I can clearly remember, it was such an incredible experience. But the funny thing was, any thing I listened to afterwards was sensationally different from what I could recall and I ended up with "Hammer - U Can't Touch This" after like 20 hours. Incredible. Honestly, I probably didn't enjoy the sound quality in Ministry of Sound Club in London this much. Amazing.Can this head-phone replace an entire sound setup? no, they have their uses (e.g. when you are not alone)Can this head-phone give you the please of listening to high quality music at the highest volume level you can endure? yes, and it is not only my opinion. I noticed that any one who tried this head-phone in my house either froze for several minutes or ended up shouting "this is awesome".Make sure you have a proper amplifier that you can plug this monster to.
I like to listen to music anytime and everywhere I can. That is the reason for buying a new pair of full size headphones. My experience with this type of cans is a pair of very old Philips (1993). Of course that my first choice was Bose (it is in every big store). I listened to their demo and it was a good sound, but the fact that I was unable to listen to my iPod made me not to choose them. Being at Best Buy I asked one of the sell persons what would he recommend. He suggested Klipsch (I own a 2.1 system which sounds very good),Sennheiser or Bower and Wilkins (besides the Beats and Bose). Although I never heard of Senheiser I purchased HD280. I do not want to comment on this pair because I returned them after one week (very disappointed). Then I thought I should try B&W.Again;, the same experience (the cans could not handle high volume and they were not around the ear). At that point I started to do some online research and combined with the desire of buying from a store (Best Buy) that has a physical location in my town I purchased Sennheiser PXC 450. I thought I would have everything in one can; NC, good sound and comfortable to wear. I cannot say that this cans did not sound good, but there was something artificial with the sound. The lack of big bass and the sensation of overprocessed sound convinced me in spending a little bit more. So I got the HD 650 and wow, what a difference. I have a sound that makes my endorphines flow. It is a concert to my ears. The bass is there but the ear drum does not pump and treble is just as much as needed. The sound is clear and I was able to discover new sounds in the song which I did not know they existed.This is not necessary a good thing (Lady Gaga's Born this way has so much instrumental background I did not hear before, that It bothers me). I will keep this cans and I will purchase a portable amp so that I can enjoy my iPod (Send station pocket dock recommended).
The best headphones by far that I have ever used. They don't have to be loud to sound great. The amplifier that comes with it does not really add that much if anything to the music quality. I don't even use it anymore. My son has had a set of these headphones for a few years and we compared them side by side and his definitely sounded better with deeper bass and also seemed to be more sensitive making the same volume setting sound louder. This demonstrates that these headphones will sound better and better as they are broken in. They are very comfortable and light. They do let more sound out for other people to hear than other more traditional headphones. The music sounds great with all musical genres from classical to rock. Highly recommended.
I've been using my HD 580 for over 12 years now, and my HD 600 for over 6 years. I figured it was about time for me to upgrade my HD line to the 650. These cans are just awesome. Right out of the box it played with ease and outclassed my HD 600. After about 2 weeks of constant use, the drivers and cabling broke in. The HD 650 was finally performing at it's best. The biggest difference I noticed was the bass. It outstrips the previous models in quantity and quality...being a bass head, this was welcomed with open arms. The HD 650 is by no means a bass monster though, especially when compared to headphones like the Denon AH-D7000 and the Beyerdynamic DT 990, but they hold their own and remain extremely musical. For the most part, I use these cans for all genres of rock, jazz, and some drum & bass. I can't recommend these headphones anymore highly if you're looking for great do-it-all cans.I must qualify my review with this, I do use a headphone amp and DAC fed by a Mac mini playing ALAC files. So, that will greatly improve the sound quality and expose more nuances of the headphones.
Really love these headphones. As has been expressed in other reviews these headphones need proper amplification to really shine.  Personally I'm using the Darkvoice 336SE tube headphone amp with the Cambridge Audio DacMagic using toslink out from my pc and they sound amazing out of that amp/dac combination.  These cans have incredible imaging and sound stage presentation with strong tight bass bass response.  The top end is also very extended and detailed as well.  Another great feature is the detachable cable which allows for aftermarket enhancement by upgrading to a balanced configuration or high end SE cables. I upgraded to the Moon Audio Silver Dragon cable which seems to provide additional transparency and clarity over the stock cable which already was quite good. These headphones are absolutely a pleasure to listen to and I look forward to many years of great sound out of them.
When I first put these on after receiving them in the mail, the first thing I did was hook them up to a macbook pro and played some "Five For Fighting"....... It was like hearing them for the first time, and it brought me and a fellow listener to tears because of the sheer beauty and emotion these reproduced. Words in this review to describe the way the sound will never justify these sound. This is the best 500 dollars I have ever spent on anything in my entire life as a human being. People who say these NEED an amp, can please stop there. These EASILY overshadow any headphones that are un-amped that ive ever heard. I own K701's and many others, these in my honest opinion are the best um-amped headphones Ive ever heard.
In the price range of $400-500 you won't find many audiophile headphones that top the Sennheiser HD650.  You will not regret pulling the trigger on these headphones.  However, to get them to really shine you will need a headphone amplifier to drive these cans.  My source is a Hifiman HM-601 and it can drive these cans decently well.  Combine a good source with these cans along with some 24-bit FLAC files and you'll be in heaven.  Also consider using an upgraded cable as well down the road (not cheap though).  Lots of reviews out there, I can say the hype is real.  It will be a while before I feel the need to upgrade.
these things are truly the art in semi-affordable sound experiences..everyone has really commented above about them so i will not waste your time..here are 2 things to keep in mind though1. you will need an amp/dac or (amp and dac) for these. Powering them off your ipod is probably not gonning to be enough juice. And yes, the quality of that connection will make a big difference. So be prepared to spend at LEAST $300 for something to boost/amplify/convert the signal. (More realistically $1000+ ... but i understand we all have limits)2. Remember your sound quality will only be as good as your recording source. If you have songs from itunes.. you will hear things in the songs that you had no idea were even there (aka problems..). Since itunes compress their songs so much you will hear some deficiency in songs, and in all honestly these might not be the headphones for you. You will want to make sure your recordings are either in FLAC.. or to save space.. MP3 320 kbps or MP3 V0.. Anything lower than that can really make a listening experience poorly.think of these things like a high performance car. After its tune up, special battery, and correct shinning.. nothing will touch it.. But you need to make the effort to hear the difference..
I used the HD 590's for a couple of years without a headphone amp and enjoyed the feel and sound for the most part. But recently I decided that I wanted to blast off into the audiophile galaxy and so I picked up a pair of HD 650's along with aMusic Hall OBH-11 Headphone Amplifier. Two words: audio bliss! If you dig electronic music with a lot of detail like myself, then this headphone and amplifier pairing will tantalize your cochlea. I didn't know music could sound this good.
These cans feature a clean, accurate, open sound with astonishingly deep base. The ultra flat response curve may not please those who are accustomed to phones with boosted base or treble response. The HD650 is not suited for use on portable players as they need adequate power to perform. In any case, they are far too revealing for use on anything but uncompressed high quality sources.I was pleasantly surprised at how comfortable these things are. This compensates for their truly ugly appearance.All and all I am very pleased with my purchase of these phone. To top it off I got an extremely good price from Amazon affiliate Sonic Sense.
I have received the HD 650 aprox.2 weeks ago.Prior to buy them I've been researching /reading reviews for at least 2 weeks I have also tried to listen to them before buying but unsuccesfully.However after reading hundreds of positive reviews/commentaries ...I really believed that they are one of the best headphones on earth among AKG 701/702, GRADO, etc...  I had been listening aprox. 5 days, 6-8 hours per day and I could not believe that they sound a little bit better than my $19.99 Sony Headphones purchased back in 2003.I'm listening mostly everything ,from Jazz, Blues to Heavy Metal,Disco,Pop,New Age.I have tried everything.I paid $320.00(brand new) from an authorized reseller. I read already the break in MYTH(50-200 hrs.) and I really don't believe it, I have also read that you need a headphone amp.(that might be true) I'm not an AUDIOPHILE, I also don't believe that if you put a $2-300 cable it will significantly change anything unless the cable is damaged.  That being said today I went to Best Buy and I bought : Bose QC 15 , Beats Studio Monster and Sony NC60.After only 30 minutes, I dropped Sennheiser HD650 and SONY NC60.Now I have to decide between Bose and Beats. CONCLUSION:If you are just a normal person not an AUDIOPHILE , I strongly recommend BOSE or BEATS ,you need no $2-400 Cardas cable, No $300-1500 headphone amplifier, You don't need a suit case if you're traveling, there is also a huge sound leakeage because they open headphone.
With my Cayin HA 1A headphone amp, these Senheisser HD650 headphones sound wonderful.  They are very open, yet without harshness.  They are 300 ohm impedance, so they may sound veiled unless run through an amplifier which really opens them up.  In fact, I needed to pick out some warm tubes to tone them down with my headphone amp just a little, and make the female voices a little less lean and more textured.  Never harsh with any tube selection though.My only quibble and the only reason these headphones did't get a 5 rating, is that I personally don't like the gimicky pseudo exotic crushed velvet feeling.  It feels a little like something greasy is touching the skin to me (although brand new).  My Sennheiser HD280 headphones felt much better against the skin with their fake leather.  The slightly larger cups seemed slightly too long to me also, as it managed to touch the sensitive skin just below the lower jaw under the ear.  Although the crushed velvet didn't feel bad at all, the Sennheiser HD650s just didn't feel quit as good as the fake leather on the HD280s.  I think people who don't mind turtleneck sweaters may like the feeling of these headphones though - whatever that means.Wonderful sound for the money.
Before I purchased these headphones I had been keeping an eye on audiophile websites to try to understand what I needed to make awesome sound in my home for relatively cheap.  The Sennheiser HD650 reviews were consistently positive, but I was apprehensive because everyone kept saying that you need a headphone amp or that the senns will not be loud enough and sound "veiled" without an amp.  Well I think these audiophiles are tooting their own horns, trying to pretend that they can hear magical veils and such, in order to justify the 1000s of dollars they spend on audio equipment.  I plugged these things into my laptop's sound card right out of the box and they sounded 20 times better than my Bose around ear phones, with every type of music I sampled.  I did not think that there would have been this much of a difference between headphones, but anyone (I tested this theory with my girlfriend and a couple of friends) can tell right off the bat that these headphones sound SOOOO much better than standard headphones, or even upper end Bose headphones. I imagine this is what music producers and sound engineers intend for you to hear.  I cannot recommend these headphones enough.  They are FANTASTIC and worth every penny (I got mine on ebay Best Offer for 320).  two thumbs way way up. These headphones have made me rediscover music.  The Germans did it again.
Reference quality (good enough for me anyway!).  Prefer to AKG 701s and Beyer 880s.  Well made.  Similar to the 600s but slight improvements such as a thicker cord --- which actually does help the sound quality a bit.  Accurate.  Good bass.  Excellent SQ but a bit veiled.  It helps if you can try it first.  I like punchy but like these, too, and find them worth the money.  For 300 ohms, not that hard to drive --- but yes, use a headphone amp for portable devices.Almost as good and a bit more upfront sound --- try the Senn 595s and save some money.  Both are very comfortable.
Just received my HD650's. Picked them up manufacturer refurbished for some decent $$$ savings from an authorized re-seller. My headphone amp (headroom portable micro) is due in next week so my rating is without a headphone amp. I am a Senn fan and own a couple pairs on top of the 650's (HD590 and PCX250 noise reduction). Compared to my 590's these have a much bigger sound stage and as previous posters have said you hear things in high quality recordings I never heard before with the HD590. As far as coloration goes or veiled response, I think that has to be a source material issue or equipment issue. Plugging these into my Marantz 8500 receiver and listening to an SACD or DVD-A is true bliss, just a little taste of heaven. MP3s sound great too, either plugged into the receiver or piped thru my logitec PC system (their top o line with separate headphone amp). Bought the portable amp for my ipod, figured it should increase my satisfaction with both the 650 and 590 while on the go. First time I tried the 650 was on a 256k MP3. The sound difference between the 590s and the 650s literally gave me chills and this is before the recommended "burn in".I am by no means an expert, but love all kinds of music. Unfortunately (or fortunately) due to small kids and wife can't play my music at levels on my old AR9s like I used to. These HD650s are an awesome substitute. Pull the trigger on these and you will not regret it. They live up to the hype. Just make sure you buy them from an authorized reseller (like Amazon, not a third party seller) or the warranty is no good.
I have listened to my music for the last few years using Paradigm Studios including the Signature sub woofer. I have come to appreciate the effortless sound produced by this system, not only its accuracy, but an exceptional soundstage as well. Headphones weren't generally necessary, but if they were, I did have an older pair of Denons. Well, my friend said she wanted my old Denons for her iPod, so I had a chance to look for something newer. I purchased the 650s. Simply said, get ready to hear what you've never heard previously. Good and bad. You hear the entire recording. Clearly. Incredible subtle nuances. You don't miss anything. Play your favorite SACD and it's like you purchased another recording.As far as coloration, well to me that's subjective. If I were the engineer mixing the recording, I might believe they warmed up the sound just a small, small bit, but if I were listening just for the enjoyment, I'd say Sennheiser nailed it. Open. Transparent. Natural.The only weakness, and I hesitate to call it that, is the sound stage. Although very accurate in their placement, the 650's don't match the depth and overall spatial presence of the Studios. But then again, with the 650s, I can turn my head or shift my seat and the soundstage doesn't float.Folks, I'd say the Sennheiser 650s are a great investment !
I must say I didn't like the sound when it arrived in my hands, until I recabling it. HD650 doesn't come with best sound without doing any thing, however, it sounds fantastic when you pair it with a good amplifier and cables. It can sing, with warmth sound as you heard with a tube amplifier. But if mismatching an amplifier, it would sound awful; the difference is so significant.
Rumor has it that Sennheiser will be introducing a new top of the line headphone early next year, so if you're not in a huge hurry, you might wait to see if the HD 650s will be dropped from the product line.  If they are, you'll probably be able to pick up a pair at a reduced price.The HD650s are great headphones, but they are not perfect.  However, neither is anything else.  I've (at one time or another) owned the top offerings from the "Big 3" makers of dynamic headphones:  Sennheiser, AKG, and Grado.  I've also tried Ultrasones.  Each brand has a distinctive "house sound."  Translation:  some recordings will sound better on one brand than the others and vice-versa.The 650s have a warm, laid-back sound...with a bit of hump in the bass frequencies.  This is a mixed blessing.  It helps out some recordings, but leaves others sounding a bit too bassy.  If you are using them on a portable amp (which will have less prodigious bass than a home unit due to power supply limitations), the slight bass hump may really help the sound.  On the upside, the midrange and high frequencies on the HD 650s are totally smooth, the phones have a great soundstage, and they are fairly comfortable.  To get the most from them though, you will need a separate headphone amplifier.I use my pair with an aftermarket Cardas cable.  To my ears, the difference (and improvement) in reproduction was there from the start.  The Cardas cable opened up the mid and high ranges over what I got with the stock cable.  However, I can't say you won't be happy with the HD 650s without a replacement cable.  We all hear things a bit differently due to the shapes of our outer ears.  To some people, the Sennheiser line has a slightly veiled sound.  A Grado will sound like you are on the front row or on the stage itself.  A Sennheiser will place you a few rows back in the hall.A bit further down, someone recommends the HD 600s over the HD 650s.  I say try them both out.  I find the high ranges on the 650s to sound a bit smoother and they are perhaps a bit more extended.  On the other hand, the HD 600s do not have a bass hump.  The differences in sound are apparent, so try both out if you can before buying.Even though this review may strike the reader as being a bit negative, it's really not.  My hope is that it's a realistic assessment from a listener who is not a fanboy or a pimp for any brand.  Is the HD 650 the best dynamic headphone out there?  Maybe...  maybe not.  Let your own ears be the judge.  I love my HD 650s and can't see myself selling them anytime soon.  However, I also own two other pairs of headphones from other manufacturers and find myself rotating between them all periodically.
I auditioned these headphones after reading some of the reviews and could not believe how disappointing they were.  I have a background in audio engineering and production. But mostly I just enjoy listening to good music....accurately!  Anything else is an insult to the recorded material and the listener for that matter.  If the listener chooses to make eq adjustments at home to suit his or her tastes then that is a matter left for their individual decision making.What Sennheiser has done with the HD 650 is grossly alter the natural balance of the source material in a way that makes these things useless for anyone serious about recorded music.  Muddy, indistinct, boosted bass, severely rolled off highs and a midrange trying to peak through from behind all that bass.  Serious reference quality transducers should not do this.  Consumer gear throws that kind of stuff at you. For the price these cans are a joke!Sennheiser's HD 595 offer a far more balanced sound at half the price.If anyone is serious about a high end headphone purchase the AKG K701 get my highest recommendation.  At least that's what I bought.......Cheers,Gregg
Initially I was dissapointed as I found the sound sort of "opaque", when compared to my Grado 325's. I am etiher getting accustomed to the sound or they are improving as I use them more. One thing I must say is that if you want to listen to jazz, new age or similar music, the Grado 352's are much better because they deliver a brighter, more detailed sound. If you want to listen to classical music, the Senheiser HD650's are a very good choice. Again, I hope that they will keep improving overtime, as happens with speakers.
If you want high quality headphones, look no further. The Sennheiser HD650 Headphones are excellent, I own a pair of Shures EC5 and they are very good but the Sennheiser are a step above, make sure you "burn" these phones in for a good 100-200 hours. You will need a powerful receiver or a headphone amplipher. I tried them with my ipod but the ipod could not "drive" these phones correctly. I have tried various music (rock,jazz,classical) no matter, you will hear wonderful things in the music that you never heard before. Look around you can get them much cheaper than the $400.00 price tag. I paid $298.00 right here in the marketplace!GET THEM !!
These are great! Especially for people who understand the difference between listenng to music as pleasent background noise and experiencing it and being enveloped by it. If you really want to get sound quality that sounds damn close to what it must have sounded like when the musicians recorded it these headphones wll give you that experience amd for the price of a not particularly fancy pair of speakers they a great bargain in my opinion.I have owned mine for 3 years now ad they have become one of my most treasured posessionsa.There is ONE thing that is not good about these headphones however. The headphone cable Sennheiser supplies with them is CRAP. There is a gentlemn who custom-makes his own Sennheiser headphone cables  (called "Red Dragon")which improve the sound of these headphones immesly. I was surprised at the difference and the true aural bliss that the HD-650s combined with the custom-made cable provide.  So to get full milage out of these beauties you would be wise to buy a better cable which raises the price a  bit but if you really love your music and want to experience every nuance of it I think it is a bargain and a purchase you are not likely to ever regret.
With this pair of Senns you will need a high end amp, and a high end sound source connected with appropriate interconnect cable. Then you will notice that your favorite CD sounds totally different then ever before. The difference is not in details as someone might think right now. It's different world. You don't have to be some audiophile expert to notice it.
Yes, there may be technical reasons to go with a studio monitoring set of headphones if you're going to be editing sound, but for listening and pleasure of wear, comfort, and all around improvement over previous Sennheiser HD's I love this set.  I have had it on for about 24 hours and have to force myself to take them off to greet people and talk at breakfast--YES ALL NIGHT LISTENING and hearing my digital music anew.  My HD600 and other HD's before were fine, but this has quality I don't mind paying the hefty price for.  The bass is profound.  I am not going to argue that technicians might find it colored...at some frequencies, but I am not a technician, but a person who listens to music for pleasure, and my health.  HEALTH!! YES!! Music therapy!!!  And these are better than analysis or shock therapy any day!  I also have tinnitus and it takes special quality to pierce the constant internal noise in my head and this set seems to allow the hiss of my tinnitus to come from outside my head while the music gets inside my head (and a big head HD650 makes too!)  I also was on a rifle team in the old days when we didn't even wear earplugs and for three years I shot a rifle 300 times a day.  I find the HD650 pitches the sound into my right ear in a more excellent manner than any other device for listening I have used.I have bunches of ear pods, and iPod plug in phones, and other earphone and headphones, but I will not soon put these down.  HD650's to me are exactly what I was looking for.  HOnestly, I thought I'd have to pay closer to $500 to get this quality.For technical reasons, I suggest you listen in a headset before you purchase them if you are wanting to engineer sound...the bass can be too revealing at lower end...but why not?  Of course most vendors let you return them in under 30 days.  I think Amazon does.  What's to loose, try your ears in these headsets is my advice.I love them.  I don't want to take them off.  They are so comfortable I forget they are on.What else would I like on them?  Expresso machine and maybe some low fat cheescake balls from Sonic dipped in straberry sauce!Oh, Tibetan chants, Gregorian Chant, in Cathedran music, and voice are fabulous.  I can hear the individual hairs in my ears responding to individual waves!  This is specific and sort of magnified listening.  5 stars.Maybe one quick story about the HD650's:  I have been listening to a recording entitled CALLING THE LAMA FROM AFAR, and it is Buddhist chant, and fabulous keyboard work mixed and really is inspirational for those of us who like that sort of thing, but I listened to the album last night for the 140th time at least, but the FIRST time on these headphones, and when some of the Tibetan percussion was played, I took the headphones off to see what the new sound in the house was (you can hear your environment some in these open earpieces which is great--ears like noses like to breath too--and anyway, I realized it was the same recording I'd listened to 150 times but now in a new and much more realistic way.  The percussion ring was three feet behind my left ear off to the back--that's amazing!
It's unbelievable that a company with a great reputation like Sennheiser would release a product as flawed as this one.  The lower bass is artificially boosted and the upper freqs are rolled off.  If you are a true audiophile and truly know what a great headphone should sound like then stay away from the HD 650s.
There's nothing better than sitting in your favorite easy chair with these headphones in the dark, stone cold drunk, and listening to Sisqo's "Thong Song" on repeat, over an over. These headphones reveal more details, so sounds from recordings are now reproduced that were once unnoticed, like the missing period after the Dr on a Dr Pepper can.  I've had these cans for a couple years from now, so I can speak from experience, much like a guy who went blind because he looked at a solar eclipse without one of those boxes with a pinhole in it and now goes around the country speaking at high schools about the dangers of looking at a solar eclipse without one of those boxes with a pinhole in it. I mean the sound is fantastic.  I checked out Halloween sound effects Vol 2 from the library, and the whole CD had an eerie, surreal quality, just like when you're on vacation in another city and Jeopardy comes on at 7 p.m. instead of 7:30. Unfortunately, while listening to these headphones, outside noise comes in.  That reminds me of a time while listening to the Thong Song, my cat Brutus knocked over a potted plant with his tail, which completely smashed on impact after colliding head-on with one of my indoor garden gnomes.  I was so angry I jumped straight up, just like a maggot when you fry it in hot grease. What was I talking about again? Oh yeah, can't recommend these headphones enough.
The HD650 is a superb headphone.  Unfortunately,someone complain about quality of sound.However, I guess that those people do not know about "break-in"(or "burn-in") period.Almost all the headphones do not sound as good as a well used pair when you are listening to music with a headphone for the first time after you bought.In a word, headphones must be "electrically" adapted by playing music for total of hours in order to sound to the intended best state.Break-in period needed for producing the best sound depnds on a headphone.I guess HD650 needs break-in period of over 100 hours.What you need to do for that is to just listene to music you like.After that period, you will be suprised by remarkable quality of sound produced by HD650! If you use a good CD player and a headphone amp, the sound quality would be more impressive!Anyway, enjoy outstanding HD650!!
These headphones produce a soft, lush and beautiful sound.  I have several other headphones including Grado and Bose and these are much better.  The headphones in my opinion deserve a good headphone amplifier to get the most out of them.  And with a headphone amp the sound is like a sound system costing thousands.The headphones are not light.  The headband adjusts and the earpads are velour and very comfortable.  I do, however, feel the weight of the headphones but nonetheless can wear them for extended periods.  The quality of the sound makes me not want to take them off.  I also find myself listening to music at a lower volume because the quality of the sound is so good that I don't need higher volume to find that I am immersed in the music.This product is expensive and worth the price.
I recently came across these at a big box retail store for only $25, which is a STEAL as these normally sell for around $50 on Amazon. I couldnt pass up on these and I had an opportunity to thoroughly test them. Here are my impressions:PROS:The build is fairly sturdy with a rubberized coating on the headband which does cling to my head. There really is no cushioning on the headband but it's not an issue for me; I prefer the flexibility and lightness more. The ear cups are rather large and bulbous as opposed to a more flat design of Beats headphones for example. The ear cups are somewhat shiny and reflective, but not much of a big deal for me especially for $25. There is a Skullcandy logo on each side above the ear cup and is a very minimalistic design overall which I prefer. I would have preferred a more matte like finish though but not a deal breaker for me. The cord is nice and thick as well and detachable which comes in handy.The comfort is pretty good for over ear headphones. The ear cups dont have as much cushion as Im use to, but I actually prefer this as it lets your ears breath a little more as these ear cups do heat up and make you sweat some after an extended listening period. And less cushion in the ear cups dont really affect comfort level for me. Also, I wear glasses and since these are an over ear design, they will put pressure around the legs of the glasses. This happens after 1-2 hours of continuous use just like every other over ear model Ive tried. I alleviate this by either just lifting the legs of the glasses above the ear cushion or just taking them off for a break.The sound quality of these over ear headphones is where they really shine. Im no audiophile, but I do recognize good sounding headphones for the money. These definitely are more biased towards the lows(bass) and I compare the sound to the Beats line of headphones. Ive listened to several models of Beats headphones and these Skullcandys are similar to me for a lot less money! I do like Beats headphones for their style, build quality, and booming bass, but I just feel theyre too overpriced; everyone seems to have them just because celebrities/athletes endorse them and are not really a good value overall in my opinion.Back to the sound of the Skullcandy's. These definitely lean more to the lows, but the mids and highs are good enough for me. Ive listened to a variety of music from hip-hop, R&B;, electronic, pop, jazz, classical and movie soundtracks and the more I listen, the better the sound gets for me. This may be just that the headphones are going through a burn-in and that Im getting use to them more though. The bass is booming to say the least, not tight or very refined, but I wouldnt expect it to be for this non-audiophile headphone. Its on par to Beats headphones for me. If you listen to primarily electronic, hip-hop or anything that has a lot of bass, these would fit the bill. Also, I tested these at the gym and they work well for lifting weights and some cardio like walking/jogging on treadmills, ellipticals, and rowing machines. These do block out much of the ambient gym noise which is nice to be able to just focus on your workout. If you do any intense training though, then Im sure sport ear buds are more appropriate and not headphones like these.CONS:I was actually surprised that these headphones came with a detachable cable, but no audio controls like play/pause or mic. It is convenient to just pause/play or skip forward your music. I believe Amazon does sell a model that comes with a cable with media controls. I had a spare cable from another set of headphones and I plugged them in, and the media controls do work, so not a big deal for me and definitely not a deal breaker.The ear cups are rather large so depending on your head size it can look ridiculously big. For me, since I have a large head, these headphones seem better suited, however I do have to adjust them to the largest size to just fit. Also, depending on your neck size, if you hang them around your neck, these are quite large and will restrict your head movement especially looking down. I have a somewhat thicker neck and felt that my head movement was restricted while wearing these around the neck, especially while looking down.These headphones dont fold flat or fold up to a more compact size, so not really ideal for travel. They come with a simple drawstring bag that doesnt offer really any protection. These can be thrown into a backpack but it will take up more room than just about every other headphone Ive used. But I do think they would work well on a plane as these do block out a lot of the exterior noise.In conclusion, the cons are more nitpicks to me and these are overall great headphones around the $50 price range, especially those who are considering pricier Beats. At $25, its an absolute STEAL and highly recommended!
These headphones are amazing. They are so comfy(you could wear them for hours without it hurting).The battery last so long and you could walk about 20 ft away from you device with the Bluetooth on.it does come with a charger a aux cord if you don't want to use the Bluetooth. And a nice big carry case for your headphones and cords.I love these and the price. I would definitely recommended these to some one else. Don't waste $200 on beats, when you can spend $50 that are just as good.
Want a great pair of headphones that wont break the bank? Buy these! I originally wanted the Beats headphones like most kids but couldn't afford them so a guy at a local target store showed me these and I listened to them and was blown away how good they sound for $59.99! If they offered a little more bass they would be as good as beats headphones for a fraction of the price.Pros:They look great!Quality feelVery durableAmazing soundGreat price!Cons:NONE!Conclusion:BUY THESE HEADPHONES! They are great for the money. Skullcandy is a great company with a good warranty and great products. You will love these headphones. If you are shopping for a bass head and have a little more to spend checkout the Skullcandy Crushers.
I purchased these on behalf of my 12 year old son.  He liked them but they started to come apart recently.  Unfortunately, we are past the "return window".  For them to only stay intact for 2 1/2 months is not good quality.  He's totally bummed he spent over $45 of his own money to buy something that fell apart so quickly.
Skullcandy FTW! My Hesh 2's survived a 4 month old Lab/Pit mix puppy who was bored while I was at work. They still work perfectly. The only casualties were the cushions and the cord. Both of which are easily replaceable and can be found on Amazon. IDK how she got to them but apparently she has an thing for lime green.
i should have heeded the ratings i saw. i've only had the headphones for 3 months and i can already hear the left speaker rattling inside the headset. i read the low reviews but didn't want to believe that these head phones would fall apart so quickly, since a previous set i owned lasted me for over 2 yrs before i lost them. this both sad and disappointing. i'm sorry i didn't believe the reviews. PBS screwed me out of (roughly) 40 dollars.
The sound is really good, but the product states they include Mic, and for some reason I got the version without the Mic.I purchased these to use at the office and wanted to have the ability to use for conference calls, so I'm bummed about it. Great sound quality and noise cancelling though.
I bought this for my son.  It works well, however, I liked the idea that I could replace the cord if needed.  The cord broke and turns out that it is impossible to find a good replacement cord. Skullcandy does not sell it (out of stock and they don't know when it will become available) and I can't find a generic brand with good reviews.
I like that the cord is detachable so it can be stored separately instead of wrapping around the headphones in a messy tangle.  The cord can also be used as an AUX cable.Skullcandy will always be my company for headphone purchases.  Perhaps the quality isn't as good as something like Bose, but the sound is good enough for most purposes, and the price is significantly cheaper.The warranty is amazing as well.  Send in headphones that have broken when it's not your fault, and they'll give you a gift card for the full price so you can buy a new pair.  Even if you break the headphones on purpose, sending them in will still get you a gift card for half of the price.  Can't beat that.
Turns out my first pair wasn't broken, it was the cord. But nonetheless I love these headphones and will always stick by skullcandy. These ones work great for metal. Which is better than the skull crusher ones. Those are NOT meant for metal lolThese came earlier than expected and are exactly what was described by seller. Would definitely order from seller again :)
I have 2 pairs of these one white and one black.  For the price these things can't be beat especially by Beats.  Good bass and I can hear everything clearly.  They are pretty durable too.  I've dropped mine lots of times and besides getting scratched up they didn't fall apart or explode like the pair of Beats I wasted 200 bucks on did.  They are awesome in the winter because they act like ear muffs and keep your listening devices nice and warm, summer on the other hand kills me as you will be dripping sweaty and just feeling unpleasant.  They are big but that doesn't really bother me at all.  All in all these things are worth every penny and if you like different types of music they are a good buy because everything that comes out of these sounds really good.
Very nice headset. Like the way it completely covers the ears. This helps block what you don't want to hear while you are listening to your music. Skullcandy has a really good reputation for quality and this item does not disappoint. Very high quality product to low cast ratio = Happy Purchase
I cant believe people are seriously giving these headphones good reviews. I bought these on clearance yesterday at radio shack for 18 dollars and theyre not even worth that. The build is great but the sound is so tiny, it sounds like the music is coming from another room. I wouldnt even buy these for 5 dollars unless you just needed any headphones to carry to school or whatever without worrying about them getting damaged or lost. My iphone's speakers has better sound than this. Of course this is only for rock and alternative, when i put on some rap, the music quality kicked up 10 notches for some reason. Also unlike decent headphones, EVERYONE around you can hear the music youre listening to almost as well as you can hear it yourself, so expect stares when youre wearing these.
BARELY FITS. I swear my ears hurt after a while. I mean they fit but,  just by they squeeze tight near the edge of the hole. I'm an adult so my ears are big. This would probably be good for a kid not me. Don't buy these headphones either way, find a newer version or headphones with sort of an oval-shaped ear cup which is more reliable. I would recommend the August EP640 (Which I Have) or 650
Honestly, I'm super disappointed in this set from this seller. First off, the package came in a dented, half-destroyed USPS box that had gunk all over one of its corners, so that was a pretty disgusting thing to see. But that could have been the mail carrier's fault for tossing the box around in the truck. However, the seller simply shoved the item into a tight-fitting USPS flat rate box with no packing materials between the Skullcandy packaging around the headphones and the actual shipping box. So these babies probably endured all of that tossing and crushing. If I could post a photo to accompany this review, I would, because I have photos of how the box looked when I received these today and I was really angry. Could the seller NOT have written "electronics, handle with care" on the shipping box? It would've taken a few seconds.Anyway, back to the product. The headphones, while almost $55 all in (with shipping included), feel shoddily made. They were advertised as noise-canceling Hesh 2 headphones, but they are more like "too-big, noise-leaking headphones." They don't fit my head or ears as well as the Hesh 2s I tried on two days ago in Best Buy and the sound quality is worse than the ones I had on at the Best Buy store, too! Suffice to say, I will be returning these for a refund. I'm really upset, the style and color were really cute and I thought I was getting a quality product. Instead I got a banged-up set of headphones whose leather ear cushion pieces are coming apart from the plastic piece that holds them in place, and a cord with a mic that was wired backward so I can't use the microphone (I have to plug in the headphones backward to hear any sound at all, so the mic now sits at the bottom of the headset cord instead of by my mouth/face). Highly disappointed with this purchase.
Gave these to my son for Christmas.  Compared them to my wife's Beats Solo 2 and I preferred the sound of these.  My son has been using these for a little over 5 months now and they are still working great.  Have found under is bed in his backpack and everywhere else and still have great sound.
I looked into the beats studio 2.0 . Saw em used on Ebay going for $90. A friend told me to check out Skullcandy. I was looking for something to jam at night after work. I listen to everything from Death metal to hiphop. Bass is good, not overpowerin but still hits.Highs n mids are good and clear. Blocks out noise pretty good to. The DBs have padding.The mic wire WAS INCLUDED. For $40 this is the way to go.If you want mega bass try the Crushers.
I have begun to realized that Sony headphones always seem to have the best quality sound, that rivals some of the more expensive headphones (*cough*Beats*cough*) for a relatively low cost. These headphones sound really good! The open-ear pads are so soft too that I can wear them all day without any issues, unlike I have with other headphones. Overall, great product and worth the cost!
Great quality sound.I purchased the white one for my mother and it looks classy!Compared to my beats headphones I can't tell much of a difference in sound quality, but the beats produce a higher volume.Beware:That there is no mic or volume button on the cord.Also the cords come from both sides of the headpiece.Secondly, it does not fold up... but it is adjustable.
Absolutely stunning quality (in the case of 15$ headphones). I expected something like crappy generic earbuds as far as audio quality goes, but its actually really nice. Theres no static idle noise, it sounds pleasant and very similar to other headphones im use to using. The only downside is the bass is a little weak but thats ok.
Because I have a pair of GENUINE MDR-ZX100 headphones purchased from Best Buy, I'm fairly confident in stating that the two additional pairs I bought from Amazon (albeit at a too-good-to-be true price of $14 each) are shoddy knock-offs. For example, they are Chinese plastic-toy-blue and only bear the name 'Sony' with no additional information, not subtly-tasteful Sony metallic blue-gray, the ear cups are cheap smooth vinyl rather than Sony's soft 'wrinkled' vinyl, and the cord/plug is laughably flimsy.Words to my son: Amazon had better start paying attention to the growing number of Chinese gray-marketers hanging out as 'third party vendors', because, frankly, it's becoming annoying to me and, as a long-term Amazon customer, I'm increasingly shopping online elsewhere (e.g. Target).The most I can say in this case is that I got what I paid for...no more, no less.These flimsy phones do play music, and not badly at that. So I'll use them until they inevitably break...which they quickly will given the crappy cords they're equipped with...and then I'll go to Best Buy and purchase some more real ones at a higher price.
I say closer to 3 1/2 out of 5. Great sound for price. Comfortable. Don't fall off durning workout or jog. The reason I don't score higher is this: cord does not separate from headphones, so if it goes, you have to replace all. Also, no adjuster on the cord. Overall I'd recommend it.
So far I am pretty impressed, I was excitedly waiting for these to show up. When they did I instantly took them out of the package and plugged them into my new phone. Started up my music, my music taste runs from soft instrumental to heavily based rap and rock. I tried out each genre, at different volume levels. To say the least, I think they are better than the 80$ headphones my boyfriend bought. Though I am sure over time I may find complications and if I do I will update this; regardless I will still update this in 3 months, 6 months and a year. Just to give you all an idea of how well this are made and what they can withstand. (Hardest thing they will endure is Minnesota Winter when I walk .7 miles to work 3-4 times a week)
This headphones are for people with a square head, they are very uncomfortable, if the top of your head is flat like a table, this crappy headphones are for you. they look good in the picture,but once you stretch them, the shape changes. And they fit pretty tight on your head, they squeeze your ears. I don`t know how the design department of Sony can make such mistakes.
I loved the look of these more than the sound. I know they are for a specific type of music but thought they would sound better regardless. Kind of sounded like it was in a tin can. Didn't want to part with them because of the look but sold them for a better brand.
Stylish, great sound quality, decent build quality and a good price. I couldn't ask for much more.I've had my Crossfades for some time now, and I still love 'em, even through the minor trouble I've had out of them.One thing I have to say before I dig into the pros and cons - the sound quality is fantastic. Some people have complained about the bass being a bit strong, but with an equalizer I have to say they sound absolutely fantastic. Here goes the breakdown.PROS:Comfortable for use less than 1 hour - for added comfort get the XL Memory Foam Cushions.Sound quality is GREAT for the average listener. Audiophiles may be picky.Stylish headphones - they look greatSuper-durable skeleton - the frame is nearly indestructibleChoice of cablesCONS:Some of the plastic cracks over time, even with light useCan get uncomfortable with extended wear if you don't invest in the better cushionsThe in-line mic cable isn't compatible with many android phones (you can purchase an adapter)I have to give props for V-MODA for taking care of cracking parts - all I had to do was send my headphones in, and the other cons on the list can be taken care of without company support. Buy better cushions and invest in the adapter for the in-line mic.But when it comes down to it - these headphones are for listening to music, and they are great for that.
Great sound, cool looks and got them at a great deal. A little heave if you wear them for hours but I really like the sound over my Bose QC. However, on a long flight I would still use the QC because the C stands for Comfort and I can wear them for many hours without hurting.
I wanted to give these headphones a decent period of proper use in order to provide as accurate, and reliable of a review as possible. I've currently been using these for about a month and a half at this point and have a few things I would like to point out for those of you who are on the fence about purchasing these headphones:---PROS---1) First and foremost, these headphones (as you can tell in the product pictures) are aesthetically gorgeous which hold true in real life, far demolishing other headphones in this price bracket in not only appearances, but also the overall build quality. The headphones have a solid metal frame, and the only plastic on the headphones are the black areas in between the silver shields and the ear cushions. On top of this, the peripherals complementing the headphones in the package include a hard shell, felt lined zipper case that are molded to the shape of the headphones (VERY nice touch), as well as a two cables, and a carabiner for easily attaching the case to a bag of sorts. Not to mention, and this is something I can't truly comment on, the aesthetic customization possibilities of these headphones are unmatched by other headphones in their class due to detachable mics/custom ear shields etc.2) The headphones, as a result of their build quality, are very heavy in comparison to most other brands I have tried (particularly those built by Audio-Technica, AKG, and Sennheiser). This however, does not make them overly uncomfortable during extended listening sessions by any means, and if anything I feel like the weight of the headphones give them a very premium feel alongside the materials used. Although, the headphones did require the purchase of accessories not included to make them comfortable for listening sessions longer than just a few hours (see cons section below).3) Concerning sound quality, these headphones are absolutely NOT what I would consider "studio monitoring/studio grade" headphones simply because of their sound signature. I bought these for casual listening on the side, and wanted to try a pair of notoriously bass heavy headphones for the first time to get a taste of something "more dynamic," I guess you could say . This isn't to say the headphones don't sound incredible, because they do after tweaking them (see more below in the cons)... however, they certainly lack that flat sound signature that's desirable for dialing in accurate mixes in the studio. Instead, I would consider these far more "consumer grade" strictly alongside popular headphones such as Beats simply because of very, very pronounced bass that relatively overshadows a slightly muddy mid section, only to be topped with a clear, but soft layer of high frequencies. (Side note: I can't comment on how these outclass/underclass Beats as I have never used them, just using these as a popular comparison).---CONS---1) Delving deeper into sound quality, this is where I have to start listing negatives of the headphones. Disclaimer: I would not consider myself a hardcore audiophile by any stretch of the imagination, but do I appreciate headphones that have impeccable sound as anyone else would? Absolutely. I also firmly believe that absolutely anyone can tell the difference between great sounding audio peripherals, and poor sounding ones. That being said, unlike most other reviews on this page, these headphones absolutely did not blow me away right out of the box. Not ever having fallen for the "headphone burn-in period" theory (which is simply that, a theory, look it up if you don't believe me), what they sound like out of the box is exactly what they sound like one and half months later. Bare in mind as well, that I am currently using a $150 DAC/amplifer combo to power these of which have a 600ohm power rating for studio grade headphones. Again, this is not to say that they do not sound great, because they do... with some tweaking. If you are like myself and have grown accustomed to flat response headphones over the years because that's all you have owned (even if you believe you have not), you will absolutely not like these right off the bat. However, this was not detrimental to my overall rating, because I ended up downloading an audio plugin for my PC that reconfigured the overall sound profile of my computer in an effort to flatten the sound a bit. Overall I would say my efforts were well met, making the mids and highs shine a bit more than they were perhaps manufactured to perform. If anyone is interested in the program, it is an EQ APO downloaded here:http://sourceforge.net/projects/equalizerapo/On a side note, do yourself a favor and pick up an amplifier at the very least to push these headphones to their max capabilities. Once you have enough of a boost powering these things, you'll easily be able to warp the overall sound signature with the program above to your heart's content.2) Aside from the sound profile, the headphones themselves do have a very premium feel about them at the cost of their overall comfort for very long, extended periods of listening. I bought these with the intention of easy-listening for about 7 to 8 hour periods on day to day applications such as Netflix, YouTube, Hulu, and Spotify while I work (of which I find myself doing a lot more often now than audio production). I have to admit I feel a bit cheated with the leatherette ear cushions that were included with the original headphones, simply because V-Moda offers truly premium, denser, and softer ear cushions as an accessory purchase on the side in what I believe is solely effort just to pull more money from their customer. If anything, I feel like the denser ear cushions should've been included right off the bat, instead of charging an extra $20 for oddly shaped, one of a kind ear cushions. Thus, having been dissatisfied with the original cushions which might work well for those of you with very tiny ears, I found myself having to purchase the ear cushions because as I mentioned and as you can plainly see, the headphones sport a unique hexagonal shape not replicated by any other manufacturer.---CONCLUSION---Overall, I would recommend these headphones to someone who is:1) NOT looking for studio headphones with a flat sound signature, but IS looking for an extremely well manufactured product as compared to other headphones on the market for daily, casual listening applications.2) Knowing of the fact that these are bass dominated headphones, of which the mids are a bit muddied and highs are clear but very much so over-shadowed. Do yourself a favor and buy an amplifier at the very least, preferably an amplifier/DAC combo to enhance the sound signature for a more natural output, and then if you use these on PC download the EQ APO mentioned above and tweak the sound to your own personal preference.3) Willing to potentially fork over more money for added comfort in the future if the ear cushions do not satisfy you like they did not for myself, as well as more money for aesthetic customization options and detachable microphones.Thanks for reading my review, I hoped it helped you out a bit.On a side note and as I mentioned above, I cannot comment on the other accessories offered by V-Moda such as the detachable mic, or the shields and how they work/perform/look with the headset as I have never used them.
When i first bought.a pair of vmoda.headphones.i was searching.for what store close to me.in philadelphia.had a pair i could buy.i thought theres no stores in philadelphia.that carry vmoda.headphones.so i did a search.radio shack.had a limited stock.that was a clearance.sale.vmoda 80.was that clearance sale.i bought them.so did others.that just found out about the sale.i took them home.to compare them.with my other headphones.they won me over.but!!my big head was to large to wear the band of the headphones.correctly.so i had to give them away.to my sister.But i bought another pair.vmoda crossfade lp headphones.pearl.there is no other headphone in the world.that ive ever tried.cannot....match vmoda headphones....in sound quality.durability.and design. Im a vmoda fan for life.just think.i bought all those headphones.thinking they might sound better than vmodas crossfade.what a waist.if your looking for real good sound.i realy cant go wrong with Vmoda headphones.plus you can realy hook them up.for that eye candy.as well as great ear candy.
Fantastic value for amazing quality headphones.  If these are the budget version of these headphones, I can't even imagine what the high-end ones sound like.  These are perfect as is.  Good sound blend, with nice bass and good high-ends.  They are durable too and come with a sturdy case.  I have used them in snow while skiing and they held up just fine and they come with a carabiner included, nice for latching onto my ski jacket.
I Bought These B/C I Thought The Customized Plates Were A Great Idea. The Packaging Is Nice, And So Is The Case That Comes With The Phones.... Now The Bad News. These Are Terrible Headphones, Mid-Tones Are Non-Existent AND They Died After About 4 Months of Use. VMODA Refused To Honor Their "LIFETIME" Warranty. Offered Me A 10% off Coupon. No THX.
I was looking for head phones for my kids, they wanted beats but I thought they were just over priced, so I did some research  and came a cross these V Mota after further reviews I decided to buy them. When I opened them up they were made very well so now I wanted to hear them. I read there was a lot of bass, After listening to them right out of the box I thought they sounded great !  So the real test now was giving them to my two teenage sons, I know Beats are big with the kids but like I said I thought they were just over priced. My kids looked at them felt them so they knew they weren't cheap, now the sound check, my kids loved them and I know my younger son likes his music with bass so these were perfect. Over all very happy with them. Most important the kids liked them which isn't always an easy sell because they think Im just being cheap and wouldnt buy the beats.
These headphones came in a nice carrying case. I bought these wanting to have a nice headphones for myself that wasn't Beats by Dre. I decided to go with this product. For me I can wear them for a couple of hours before my ears/head starts to hurt. But that could just be me. This product comes with two cords that are very well made and sturdy. I bought changeable plates so that I could change the colors they were about $25 but they were worth it. I have the metal in a nice blue color now.Overall they're really great and I'm giving this product a 5 stars because I was well pleased with it. Plus I can't knock a product down for the shape of my own head and ears!!IT IS TOTALLY WORTH THE PURCHASE!
I wanted to review these headphones after I had a chance to use them on a cross country plane trip. With that said, they worked exceptionally well at muting most of the ambient cabin noises so that I could enjoy watching a movie on my laptop. The headphones are really nice to look at. Someone definitely designed these for comfort and to turn heads. Even the accompanying case was designed to fit the headphones perfectly. There are two headphone cords included, one of which has an in-line microphone and which to my amazement, works with my Microsoft Lumia 640. There are also a couple of adapters for versatility and a d-ring for hooking it to your backpack, briefcase etc.
These headphones have lasted great for 2 years, purchased them in December of 2013. I've used them on average 4 hours a day, 5 days a week since I bought them. Just yesterday, one of the ear covers burst at the seam, revealing foam. Probably a simple DIY fix, just wanted others to be aware of possible issues. Overall, I recommend the headphones. Just be aware of quality.
I've used V-MODA headphones for years. They typically last me 2-3 years, after that I buy a new pair. I use them everyday so for lasting 2-3 years that's pretty good in my book. After 2-3 years it starts to rip and get worn out, which is when I buy a new pair. These have great sound quality and I use them specifically to watch TV and movies on my computer. Great quality headphones.
I am extremely pleased with this purchase! I do not know very much about headphones, however these seem to be fantastically clear and look quite nice. Having mine for about a month now, and there is little indication that I use them daily: these headphones seem very sturdy! Made of quality materials and are comfortable to wear. The sound is nice on their own, however I also purchased a separate headphone amplifier that makes a very noticeable difference. These pair extremely well with theFiiO E6 Portable Headphone Amplifier - Black. The headphone cords included are sturdy: wrapped in tough fabric-like material that seems to fair well with protection. The sound is fulfilling, and sounds beautifully. I was quite pleased by the loud sound produced by these headphones, however when taken off and set a side, it is very quiet and are almost inaudible. The cushions do an amazing job at containing the sound, and are comfortable (not to mention replaceable!) Overall, extremely satisfied with this purchase. I can imagine these headphones lasting a long time, and I will be replacing them promptly with another pair when the time comes!
This was my Xmas gift to myself last year- I love these things. I wear them to mow and general purpose of listening to music.  These things are durable, comfortable and great sound.  The cord has a pause play button and volume up/down that is very easy to use and the cord is a good length for me. I do wish they were louder, but that could just be my hearing loss due to years of loud music.FYI- I went and listened to beats by dre, and all the other headphones at Target and Best Buy... these have just as good sound quality for the everyday guy/gal kind of use.
These are very good for the price. They have the perfect amount of bass for every day music and have good highs and lows to accommodate the bass. The head strap is comfortable, as long as you aren't laying down against a pillow, and doesn't slip or fall.The only gripe I have about these headphones is there is a small piece of plastic by the ear piece that moves around, only causes the strap to tighten when you aren't wearing them.
Awesome. I bought these for my iphone 6 as I had an otterbox on it and had poor audio during phone calls.These are great for phone calls. My hearing is not what is was and in noisy environments these are the cat's meow.I purchased the memory foam pads and can wear these for hours! also bought the boom mike and cable and can talk in noisy environments like airports without an issue with background noise.Nice clam shell case fits all the cables and stows inside my backpack.
This is a really long review  I tried to be as thorough as possible to help people making a decision. For all you impatient people, heres my TLDR conclusion first:  The V-Modas are too bass-heavy for me and sacrifices necessary quality in the mids and highs. The M40x has superior, balanced sound and is significantly more comfortable, on top of being cheaper. If your main concerns are with sound quality, I would highly recommend the M40x over the V-Moda LP. The V-Modas are definitely stylish and solidly built, but it doesnt offer anything in particular over the M40x that makes them more valuable over the sound quality difference (to me).Background:  I'm a pretty standard consumer - not an uber audiophile, but not inexperienced with sound quality. Im a college student and listen to music throughout the day  on my way to class, back in my dorm, when Im studying, and so on. I was primarily looking for something that provided good noise isolation, sound quality, and comfort without being in ear (Im sick of in-ear headphones). Mobility/storage are secondary, but still nice. I was also looking for something with bang for my buck because, you know, college.  These are the first studio headphones I bought after my mid-tier in-ear headphones broke and I wanted an upgrade. I initially bought this product and, when I had some doubts, bought the ATH-M40x for comparison. I ended up returning these within a week of receiving the M40x's.Comfort/ergonomics:  A pair of headphones is useless to me if I can't wear it for long. My head dimensions are smaller, but for the most part normal i.e. I don't have issues with headband or ear cup sizing. The clamping force on these headphones was pretty nice out of the box and I was happy wearing them at first. However, after a day or two of use, they started to really hurt the upper edge of my ear. The ear cups weren't deep enough and the padding over the actual speaker portion was too thin, so the edge of my ear would constantly be against the hard material. I had to regularly remove the headphones to give my ears a break and the pain would come back quickly. I realize that there are bigger ear cups you can buy, but I didn't want to drop extra money and effort just to solve one issue. This is obviously subjective, so I recommend taking it with a grain of salt.  The construction is definitely nice, but the connections between the earpieces and the headband are of a thinner, metal material. I don't have any gripes about the sturdiness, but these pieces were uncomfortable to handle. It's not a huge deal, but whenever I took the headphones off/put them on, the metal was thin enough to dig a bit into my fingers and be uncomfortable. Additionally, if I took the headphones off and left them around my neck (which I ended up doing more than usual, since they hurt to wear), the thin metal dug into my collarbone and caused a good amount of discomfort.  The headphones dont collapse at all, but thats a very minor thing for me - convenient feature, but I dont particularly need it. The case that comes with it is very nice though, especially for when I have to put my headphones into my backpack. It takes up a moderate amount of space, but I have space to spare. The cords it comes with are also quite nice (Im a big fan of the Kevlar cord), the shorter one ideal for my type of listening. This cord does have audio control, but only works for Iphones (unfortunately no Android).  When comparing to the M40x, the M40xs were vastly more comfortable primarily because of their ear cups. The clamping force was pretty high at first, but loosened up to much more comfortable levels after some use. The edge of my ears still touched the inside of the ear cup, but the additional space/padding over the speaker was enough to make it comfortable. The other main thing is that Audio Technica only offers its monitor-style cords, which are pretty long. I use the coiled cord which is definitely a bigger hassle to handle when Im on the go, but I manage. The M40x also has greater movement with its ear cups  it folds, it can flip and face away, and it can rotate 90 degrees outwards. This may make a difference if you find yourself in need of those degrees of freedom.Sound Quality:  Ill start on noise isolation. I didnt have any problems with the noise isolation  it was good enough for me. They definitely felt less isolating than the M40x though. The M40x felt like it had a better seal on my ears, isolated noise more, and leaked less noise than the V-Modas. Not a deal breaker to me, but something to consider.  For the actual sound quality comparison, compared to the M40x, the difference is day and night. I primarily listen to rock music mixed in with alt and rap. As you will hear many people say, the V-Modas are definitely bass-oriented. The lows are always much stronger on the V-Modas (primarily through drums, for rock music) compared to the M40x. However, it feels like it does this at the cost of mids and highs. The first thing I noticed when I got the V-Modas was that I couldnt hear cymbals nearly as well. At the time I had reverted to using my gaming headset and thought that maybe that headset was just balanced towards the highs. I also noticed that the vocals felt noticeably quieter and a bit canned. After getting the M40x, I confirmed to myself that the V-Modas did not have an ideally balanced sound signature. If you listen to a lot of bass-oriented music, you might be pleased with the sound, but for me, it was really taking away from the vocals, guitar, and highs of the rock music I listened to.  The M40x is far more balanced. The cymbals sparkle to me. The vocals and guitar sound strong and clear. Better yet, it doesnt sacrifice a lot in the bass. The drums (particularly kick drums) are nice and punchy, bass is still clear. Not as strong as in the V-Modas, but still satisfying to me. The biggest difference was in acoustic guitar songs  everything sounded noticeably deeper in the V-Modas while in the M40x, it sounded more natural and full.  In the end, the sound quality and comfort are the two biggest things that matter to me and in those respects, the M40x blows the V-modas out of the water. Any advantages I found with the V-Modas were minor and were things that were easily outweighed by the superiority of the M40x.
I bought a pair of these headphones first 3 years ago. After being mauled by my dog,  dropped over a hundred times and burned by an idiot, they still work as well as the day they first arrived. This dependability is was made me decide to purchase a second pair, this time for my brother who burns through headphones like no other. I'm more than confident that they'll stand their ground with him
I don't post reviews often, but I wanted to for these headphones. I have used them for a few months now and I can say now that the fit, build, sound quality and look are all solid. The only downside was that I needed to buy the XL ear pads because the original ones put too much pressure on my ears after an hour of listening. But now with the XL pads the fit is perfect and I have zero complaints! Sound quality is impressive - its hard for me to listen to music at the gym on my old iPhone ear buds. Can't compare the quality! The carrying case is great. These are the first hi-fi headphones I have ever owned and I hope they will last me a long time.
I really love these headphones! They are really well built and do not feel like they will break anytime soon. The sound is really clear that I can't go back to regular ear buds!I have a small head and it is able to fit me perfectly. As comfortable ear pads. It's also great to get two headphone cables, one that is good for phones calls as it has buttons and the other which is really long.I am very happy with these headphones.
I use these every day at work, to listen to Amazon  Music. Good audio, especially given the source. I don't generally use in-ear 'phones, preferring on- or over-the-ear 'phones. These are a little warm on my ears - probably due to the "noise-isolating" feature. Otherwise, very happy.
The headphones appear to be a great product. I did however notice the volume button on the cord does not turn it up or down on the Samsung S4. They do squeeze my head slightly and after a couple hours can be a little uncomfortable to wear. The sound is good. I have compared beats, and a few other brands in person and these do sound the best in my opinion.
Awesome headphones for the price, great sound quality and durability. I've had them for a couple months now, and I couldn't be more happy with my purchase. I bought these after a co-worker suggested them, and although with the regular cushions, they can become uncomfortable after a couple hours of listening. I highly suggest getting the memory foam XL cushions with these as well if you plan on using these for longer periods of time. But anyway, if you're looking for something at an affordable price, with good sound quality, and noise isolation. These are one of your best options.
These have been a great pair of headphones.  I bought them for my daughter a few months ago, and they still work great.  I tried them on also and the fit better than my other headphones.  They are softer on your ears, so you can wear them longer.  She used them a lot on our 12 hour trip to Colorado.
I have had the V-MODA Crossfade LP red headphones for about 2 1/2 years and they still work well. I've had to replace the pads and cord going into the headphones, but other than that, they still work well. Nothing has really broken, only a few dents and chips here and there. I use them every day so they've been through a lot. It feels like the left side has gone quieter, but it might be from having that on my ear more. Before, I was going through cheap headphones/ earbuds like crazy. I also never turned the sound up very much with the headphones so that may contribute to its longevity.
I have only good things to say about these headphones.  Everything looks fine about quality and design starting with the package and everything about the headphones is good: sound is good, manufacture quality looks good, the design details are great and all the accessories included are in the same good quality.  Just a few times I have felt so satisfied when I have purchased something and this is one of those times.
My husband is a Music Producer and DJ of House Music.  He is VERY picky about headphones, but I wanted to get him a nice pair for Christmas.  After reading review after review and talking with other people in the industry, the V-MODE Crossfade LP headphones were highly recommended.  I could have gone with the LP2, but the older version are almost just as good for a lot less.  I really liked how the plates on the headphones can be customized or engraved.  I engraved his plates with his logo.  He really LOVED them.  The cord is very thick and high quality, but what he liked the most is that it can be detached for storage.  They came in a nice case which now he uses to put his flash drives in with his music for gigs and that is all he needs to bring.  It is perfect!
Absolutely destroyed my Beats and thinking about the newer version to see how they could have possibly improved.  Before my Beats I got tired of the constant disposable headphones I was chunking out $50 a pair and thought I had found the best for the price.  If you haven't heard these you haven't heard anything...
OWNED AND USED DAILY FOR 3 YEARS!!! These have been my daily drivers since i was in highschool and i've since graduated college. The bass is phenomenal, highs are great although mids are slightly lacking. But i mostly listen to edm so it has never bothered me in the slightest even though i do consider myself an audiophile. The mix on these is far from balanced but the modified tone it gives is actually really pleasant! These are open back so you can hear through them and the cable is removable (thank god) I've gone through 5 cables so far.THE AMAZING BUILD QUALITY DOE!!These say they are military grade construction on the box and they are not lying. i throw these around like you dont believe, ive never had a pair of anything else last me more than 4 months and these have lasted me 3 MOTHER @#$%ING YEARS. I cant say that enough. that being said I have gone through 5 cables, the "leather" on the top is starting to tear considerably as of recent and they are scratched up a bit but thats to be expected. In terms of sound quality they took 48 hours straight white noise to burn in but once they did they sounded amazing. I've dropped them hundreds of time and I have noticed slight vibration noise when listening to certain bass frequencies but it is not consistent... im not sure if a part of the driver is lose or something i stuck in there but it doesnt happen often and does detract from the listening experience
These are excellent headphones with unrivaled construction, materials and quality in every detail. In today's headphone mid-range market there's Quality and there's marketing. You can get two different headphones for $300 and on one of them only maybe $50 were put in actual R&D;, materials, fit & finish and quality control and the other $250 you're paying is Celebrity sponsorships, marketing and maybe good packaging. While for the same amount you get a unit that went thru good R&D; to get it right, top notch materials with military specs, strict quality control and good packaging and presentation at the cost of $200 sacrificing profit but offering the best products for their customers. This are really solid headphones with great sound that I can take anywhere, put them in my backpack without worry about plastic parts breaking. They look awesome as they are but they're also customizable with different color side plates. Sound quality is good if a bit bassy but not in a bad way. I use mine's with a Fiio E07K Andes headphone amp and sound it's awesome but they'll work well with your MP3 player, tablet, iPod, iPhone or Android phone.
Sound quality is excellent...very nice bass. Every is built like a tank except the plastic piece that connects headband to the cans. My kid got hold of my headphone and he broke it in a minute. I was able to fix it using superglue though. One less start for the flimsy plastic piece.Sound wise, I don't have any complaints. I use this everyday.
The sound of this headphones is great and the battery consumption is acceptable, however the quality of the materials and finishing is just terrible. After just about a year of normal use, which is about 1 hour every other day (or about 4 to 6 hours a week) the coating in the headband pad and ear pads started to peel off. This is just a cheap leather imitation with very poor durability. I am attaching two pictures as proof.Something similar with the cables, the plastic coating is ridiculously thin, which means poor durability in normal conditions of use. The cable with the remote control for IOS devices broke near the remote after just 5 months of normal use. Never was this cable pulled hard or anything like that.In comparison I own a pair of senheisser's HD 555 that I bought in 2005!!! and the earpads as well as the headband pad are in very good condition considering they have been under heavy use for the past 16 years!!!  They are a bit worn off but by no means peeled like the Bose QC15 and those are the ones that I use heavily for watching movies and TV series when my son and wife are asleep late at night. The cable of the HD 555 is thick and design for heavy use and to last.I wouldn't recommend the QC15, like I said sound is great but they quality is terribly poor. Off course Bose would blame the peeling of the headband pad and ear pad coating on use, but this is no excuse. For headphones this price I would expect them to last, like my beloved HD555.Finally I would like to mention that the Bose do look quite fragile at first sight, and that is why I always kept them in the carrying case that was included in the box. However this did not prevent the coating in the headband pad and ear pads from peeling off. On the other hand the HD555 didn't come with a carrying case and I always carried them in my laptop case in lots of traveling while working as onsite engineer and like I said they are still in much better condition than the QC15.I definitely wouldn't buy Bose anymore. Quality is too poor and the hype about their products is most likely due the excellent public relations department and billions spent in advertisement.
I've had these headphones for about 5-years now.  In that time I've had to replace the ear pads once (a simple and affordable chore with aftermarket parts) and I would like to replace the padding on the top of the headphones but I don't think that's possible.  The top of the headphones has been worn away so much that when I take off the headphones there are little black flecks of material left on my head.  It's more of an ascetic irritation and does not impact how well they work or how comfortable they are to wear.  I do love these things.  They are light as air, deliver great sound, and do what they are supposed to do which is cancel out annoying environmental sounds.  I originally purchased the Q15's so I could survive the terrible sounds of my neighbor running his gang of 4-wheel ATV's 24/7 (we did not know it would be like that when we bought our little piece of heaven out in the country).  After we moved (in an effort to regain a less stressful life) I began using the headphones daily to drown out city sounds while I wrote.  I love them for that as they work perfectly...almost too perfectly because there are times when my wife will be talking to me and I won't even know she's in the room because of the wonderful quiet offered by the headphones.  I highly recommend these with my only reservation being the cost.  I wish they would go on sale because I would get another pair as in case of zombie apocalypse!
The headphones are great. The sound quality is not audiophile quality but it is good. The noise cancelling however, is fantastic. These work great with just the single AAA battery. Just don't forget to turn them off after using. (I forget every now and then.) If you're planing on using these occasionally or for a flight for vacation then you will love the noise cancelling. However, if you use these every day like I do, then a word of warning. I've already had to replace the ear pads early this year, and now once again have to replace them. Not a big deal, right. Well, not so much. The original replacement ear pads from Bose will cost you $35 plus tax and shipping (if charged). Having to replace them twice a year is spending over $70 after you originally spent $300 on for the headphones themselves. The pads are also ridiculously difficult to replace. Not sure why the clip system isn't simpler. Anyway, depending on how you use these, they may be the best choice or a good choice.
My friends always talk about the poor construction quality of these and how they have to by extended warranties to deal with it, so I've never thought much about them.  But I do have the 20i in-ear version, and I'm very happy with them, so when Costco started selling the 15, I decided to give it a shot.  If it breaks in 6 months, Costco will stand by it even if Bose doesn't.  Looks like I won't be waiting 6 months to return them, because the sound is garbage.  I've tried a variety of audio sources, and I never get anything resembling bass.It's so bad that I cannot believe my headphones are anything but defective, so I've been trying for a week to contact Bose customer support to see if I've missed a "Suck/Don't Suck" toggle somewhere.  Good luck with that.  It's normal business hours, but there's never anyone in the phone support center, and chat is perpetually disabled.  Now when I call I get a message that the entire company is closed for "departmental meetings".  It suggests to call back "later".  What is "later"?  5 minutes?  5 months?  What is up with this company?  And if it's so closed to its customers, who's out there taking pictures of Darelle Revis and Russell Wilson?  Maybe they could use some of that money they pay celebrities to pretend to use their products and pay someone to answer the phone or login to chat.When you buy this product, you accept that it will likely break the day after your warranty runs out.  Bose products often work well for a while but have such shoddy materials and construction that you can expect failure.  You know this going in and you takes your chances.  What I didn't expect was that the product would be such garbage right out of the box.
Quick shipping, excellent service, and exactly what I wanted. In my opinion this model looks better than the QC25. But it is only my opinion. I have a set of old QC2's and although I rarely use them, mainly for travel. They still work great, still sound good (I don't listen to music on headphones at home very often, and I'm no Audiophile) but when it counts, music/movies while traveling. You can't beat them. I haven't tried any other Noise canceling headphones. But have read many a review before I got these for my wife. (And she like beats! Has a regular Pink set) the noise canceling on the Bose is just amazing, takes you away from droning, the humming, and let's me feel relaxed while their on.
Product was "5-stars" for about a year, but then the stitching on the leather covering the foam on the part that touches the outside of your ears started to come apart.  I looked to see if this was covered by the warranty, and based off the length of time that I've had them, it is not.
Generally, I was very excited to get these headphones.  They did a fine job of noise cancelling. I bought them mainly for road trips with the family where I needed to take phone calls for work.  They worked well for this purpose!  They really quieted out the road noise and minimal chatter in the car.However, as I've read several of the reviews, apparently some "sensitive" people can get headaches, nausea, or vertigo.  Though I would have never considered myself "sensitive" (I don't get carsick, seasick or any sort of vertigo), I did find that I quickly get a sort of tension headache.  Oddly, I imagine more people probably experience this than they realize. The sensation is the type you get while flying sometimes if your ears won't pop. As many people use these for flying, they may just think the discomfort is from the flight.That said, I would say that you CAN discover this in the store if you use them for 10 minutes. It really doesn't take long to start to feel the discomfort.  Apparently, many folks aren't susceptible to this, and for those folks, I'm sure this is a fine headset.  I had a Sony NC set years ago, that had its own set of issues, but I don't recall ever experiencing this sensation, so it may be limited to this product line or Bose in general.  My wife felt the same way with this headset so unfortunately I'll be looking for a new set.My strongest advice is to try them in the store for about 10 minutes.  If you don't experience any discomfort, you'll likely love these!
Bose makes great speakers, but something has to change with the wiring. I was super unfortunate due to the fact that I had two Quiet Comfort 15 headphones which had the defect where the left ear speaker kept cutting out. I hope the new version fixes this issue because I really do love Boses speaker and noise canceling technology.
Everyday use. Extreme everyday use. I do online IT work and they've been amazing. One year to date with nothing but great results. Noise canceling is a must as I can get distracted easily -- but this particular set stands alone in terms of noise cancelation. You flick the switch and can hear the noise mute. It's amazing. Music sound is good. Not great. Bass is s little crinkly at times but that's only a concern with hip-hop from my experience. It is labeled as "acoustic" for crying out loud. Couldn't be more pleased. Comfortable, durable, and sounds great.
I had these headphones for just over two years and used primarily for travel. Unfortunately the left side stopped working and customer service does not have a repair option for them. They offered to replace with an upgraded pair for about the same cost as these were new. I expected better from Bose brand.
One of the best purchases I've ever made.  I do not fly often, but when I do, they're very nice to have, as has been well-documented by others.  For me, though, these headphones are invaluable for work or studying.  If you're like me and easily distracted when working, these will help you immensely.  I put on some light breeze/relaxation music, and lose myself in work or studies.Furthermore, the sound quality is pretty great.  I use the Bose In-Ears as well, and both have their strengths.  The in-ears, to me, have a better bass response and perhaps an overall better sound, especially for pop, rock, hip-hop, etc.  These over-ears are perfect for jazz, and your favorite well-recorded albums.  You can pick out the individual instruments and identify them across the stereo field pretty well.  Getting these headphones made me go back and re-listen to several of my favorite albums and it's like hearing them for the first time because you hear new things you never noticed before.
These are great headphones. I will note one thing: The noise canceling by itself does not cancel out talking. But you know what? That's not what the technology was designed for! The noise canceling technology was designed for canceling out continuous noise, such as the noise that construction workers experience during their work. It cancels out background noise phenomenally. If you turn on a little bit of brown noise or music in the background, though, it does drown out talking pretty well, though. So don't discount the noise canceling. These work very well. In fact, when they're turned off completely the design of the headphones themselves still muffle sound really well. I bought these because they have the best noise canceling on the market, but they also have very nice sound for music. I consider that a nice perk since I did not buy them to listen to music.Just a recommendation, but if you use these very often like I do, keep spare batteries in the small pocket inside the case. You'll know the battery is dying when it starts turning on and off continuously. (No, it's not broken!) I just wind up the cord in a coil and stick in the case instead of putting it in that pocket so I can use it for that purpose. See the photo for what I mean.Enjoy the headphones! You'll love them.
A little weird at first.  When I first tried these on and turned on the noise canceling feature I felt like I was deaf so it through my center of balance off.  (you should be sitting when you first try these out) But after that initial shock, the head phones are great.  I used these on the airplane all the time.  It really kills the sound of the airplane engine noise.  It was the first time I got off an airplane and actually felt relaxed and no headache.  The sound is awesome, I find myself having to turn down the volume most of the time because the sounds are very clear and do not need to be raised to hear clearly.  The base and treble are extremely clear and very enjoyable to listen to.  These are worth the money, even if you go on a plane once a year.
These are spectacular. I sat through a 2 hour flight with a screaming baby behind me, an overly PDA couple beside me, and a loud snoring guy in front of me, but couldn't hear a thing with these on and music playing. I've had them for a year and the durability is still superb. I use them in Starbucks while studying, and they block out about 85% of the sound. I listen to everything from dubstep, country, pop, rock, rap, house, trap, Norwegian death metal, country, to classical music and these headphones produce great sound for them all.
Arrived well packed and in good shape. Used these for a trip to Peru from the U.S. Midwest. They worked very well in my opinion. Sound mitigation was great. Sound quality was very good.  Were comfortable even while they were on my head during a nap. Will use them for all of my long distance flights.
I bought a new unit about a year ago and after a few hours of usage it started failing occasionally. Now it's completely dead. As I live abroad the only Bose authorised company is located at another state, too far from me. They instructed me on how to send the unit to them but it's an excessively bureaucratic process, and expensive too. And I can't send it to Bose in the US either because they won't send it back to me in my country - should it be repaired under warranty, for example. And now I'm stuck with an extremely expensive paper weight. Next time I have an opportunity I shaw get a Beats instead.
I bought these for their noise canceling function and they are superb.  One flick of the switch and it's total bliss.  You will be surprised how much noise you have in your surroundings.  I've had noise canceling headphones by other manufacturers but they aren't as quiet and comfortable as these.  Some people have complained that they feel cheap because they are so light, but they make them light on purpose so they will be comfortable to wear for long periods.  The audio when listening to music is surprisingly good as well.  Not as good as my high end Sennheisers to be sure, but still above average.  I also really appreciate that I can take the cord off completely when I use them for noise canceling.  The only negative is that you have to have the phones turned on to listen to music, which wears down the battery faster.  Since I bought them for their noise cancelation I am not deducting a rating star for that.
These headphones don't drown out people's loud conversations, but they do provide blessed relief from the grotesque sounds coming from my horrible mouth-breathing co-workers cubicle when he slurps, smacks, crunches and chomps down on his at-desk lunches.Also, I have trouble getting the headphones to work properly while using an extension cable, but plugged directly into my computer tower, they work like a dream.
Finally had the chance to use these on a recent trip.When seeing other people wearing these, or the hype in the Bose commercials, I was way, way skeptical.  But MY GOD!This was a plane from frigid Buffalo to Florida ---> meaning, a plane full of kids headed to Disneyworld.  I could have been in a library for all I knew!  Absolutely superb.  Design is flawless and genius.
Hard to find a better pair of headphones to block out traveling noise, especially on an airplane, although I know two people who wear theirs to sporting events because of how loud it gets! Music and voice audio is clear and good quality. On an airplane, if the pilot is speaking, I have to take them off to hear the announcement. If you want good sound and want to block out extraneous noise all around you, the Bose QuietComforts are worth the investment. I had a friend who's Bose started cutting out after 6 months and when she contacted the company they replaced them immediately, so they come with excellent customer service. lmck
Of course these are awesome.  Bose is the standard. I bought their first pair until they fell apart some ? 20 years ago.  Forget Dr. Dre and the over priced clunky things.  GO on any aircraft and you'll see the "elite" passengers with Bose.  Bose invented noise cancelling...period.  Always buy the "over ear" ones since you get the max power of noise cancelling.  I have had all sorts of short cut ones and been fooled by "noise reducing".  Never buy "noise reducing".  If you want real noise reduction buy ear muffs for a rifle range!  I once took my shooting ear buds and ear muffs on a plane - worked great with one on top of the other.  The whole point of ear protection on a plane is that you do arrive more rested - at least I do.  The constant pounding on your ear drums is more exhausting than you'd imagine on a 14 hour flight.  Most times I use only 15 cent construction equipment foam ear plugs.  But, my QuietComfort is awesome for great sound while watching a movie.  Go Bose or go home!
One word: BOSE!  If I had ANY complaint it would be that I'd like them to go a bit louder. Oh, and if you're in ANY sort of leaning position, they seem to slide off real easy... no matter what adjustment I make.  Got pretty annoying on a recent plane ride to Dallas, TX from Boston but overall not that big a problem.
I absolutely love these headphones! This is the second time I purchased Bose headphones with my first pair being noise reducing versus cancelling. Bought these as my old ones I had worn the ear cushions down where they flake the black soft plastic all over my shoulders and chest. Decided to upgrade to the noise cancelling instead of just replacing the ear cushions after 7 years of use and am so glad that I did! I work in a small office where everyone talks super loud and I have a more sensitive ear. I use these headphones almost every work day for 8-12 hours per day. They are also great for the car or if I want to listen to music instead of TV but still be near my husband while he watches something he wants. Even without listening to anything, with the headphones turned on, it significantly decreases the volume level of everything around me but where I can still be a part of the conversation, if desired. Definitely recommend these to anyone and everyone!
